docs/boards/Omnibus F4.md, before:

# Board - Omnibus F4

![Omnibus F4](https://quadmeup.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/Omnibus-F4-Pinout-Top-Full-768x447.jpg)

* For Omnibus F4 Pro (with BMP280 baro, current sensor and SD Card) use **OMNIBUSF4PRO** target (LED strip on dedicated connection)
* For Onnibus F4 Pro clones (Banggood, AliExpress, eBay, etc.) use **OMNIBUSF4PRO_LEDSTRIPM5** target (LED strip on M5 pin)
* For Omnibus F4 Pro Corner use **OMNIBUSF4PRO** target

## Features

* STM32F405 CPU
* Integrated Accelerometer/Gyro MPU6000 or MPU6500 via SPI bus
* 6 motor outputs
* 3 UART ports (UART1, UART3, UART6)
* External I2C bus, pins shared with UART3, cannot be used simultaneously
* Inverter for SBUS
* Blackbox via SDCard or integrated 128mbit flash memory
* BLHeli Passthrough
* Integrated BEC
* Buzzer connector
* Integrated OSD

## Hardware versions

### Omnibus F4 v1 - discontinued

* Linear voltage stabilizer, tends to overheat
* SBUS inverter connected to UART1
* PPM and UART1 can be used together when S.BUS jumper is removed (close to PPM/SBUS connector)
* 128mbit flash memory for Blackbox
* Uses target **OMNIBUSF4**

### Omnibus F4 v3 - discontinued

* Switching voltage regulator - solves problem of overheating BEC
* SD Card slot instead of flash memory
* SBUS inverter connected to UART6
* PPM and UART6 can be used together when S.BUS jumper is removed (close to PPM/SBUS connector)
* Uses target **OMNIBUSF4V3**

More target options:
* OMNIBUSF4V3_S6_SS: Softserial1 on S6
* OMNIBUSF4V3_S5_S6_2SS: Softserial1 on S5 and Softserial2 on S6
* OMNIBUSF4V3_S5S6_SS: Softserial1 on S5/RX and S6/TX

### [Omnibus F4 v4/v5](https://inavflight.com/shop/p/OMNIBUSF4V5)

* Switching voltage regulator - solves problem of overheating BEC
* SD Card slot instead of flash memory
* SBUS inverter connected to UART6
* PPM and UART6 cannot be used together, there is no jumper to disconnect PPM input from UART6 RX
* Uses target **OMNIBUSF4V3**

### [Omnibus F4 Pro](https://inavflight.com/shop/p/OMNIBUSF4PRO)

* Sometimes called Omnibus F4 v2 Pro, but also exists v3, v4 & v5 versions with no functional differences
* Switching voltage regulator - solves problem of overheating BEC
* LC filter for camera and VTX
* SD Card slot instead of flash memory
* SBUS inverter connected to UART1
* PPM and UART1 can be used together when S.BUS jumper is removed (close to PPM/SBUS connector)
* Integrated current meter
* Uses target **OMNIBUSF4PRO**
* Omnibus F4 Pro clones (Banggood, AliExpress, eBay, etc.) use **OMNIBUSF4PRO_LEDSTRIPM5** target (LED strip on M5 pin instead of incorrectly wired dedicated connection)

### Omnibus F4 Pro Corner

* Switching voltage regulator - solves problem of overheating BEC
* LC filter for camera and VTX
* SD Card slot instead of flash memory
* SBUS inverter connected to UART3
* Integrated current meter
* Uses target **OMNIBUSF4PRO**

### Omnibus F4 Nano V6

* Switching voltage regulator - solves problem of overheating BEC
* SPI flash memory for blacbox
* SBUS inverter connected to UART1
* Uses target **FIREWORKSV2**

### Omnibus Corner Nano

* Configurable inverter on UART6
* Use target **OMNIBUSF4V3**

## **NOT** supported

* HC-SR04 Rangefinder
* ServoTilt

## Radio Receivers

SerialRX, PPM and MSP receivers are supported.

SerialRX and PPM receivers should be connected to dedicated _PPM SBUS_ connector above _Motor 1_. MSP receivers should be connected to one of UARTs configured as MSP.

## Motors

| Motor     | pin   |
| ----      | ----  |
| 1         | PB0   |
| 2         | PB1   |
| 3         | PA3   |
| 4         | PA2   |
| 5         | PA1   |
| 6         | PA8   |

## USB

This board uses STM32 VCP and _not_ utilizes UART when USB is connected. STM32 VCP drivers might be required!

Flashing requires DFU mode and STM32 DFU drivers. Two options for installing the proper driver:

* [Zadig](http://zadig.akeo.ie) tool to install WinUSB driver on Windows.
* [ImpulseRC Driver Fixer](https://impulserc.com/pages/downloads) installs the STM32 DFU driver with a single click.

## Buzzer / Beeper

5V piezo buzzer should be connected directly to dedicated pins _BUZ +_ and _BUZ -_. No additional hardware is required.

## RSSI ADC

* Connected to pin PA0
* 3.3V tolerant, do not supply 5V

## Current Meter ADC

* Connected to pin PC1
* 3.3V tolerant, do not supply 5V

## Voltage monitoring

* Connected to pin PC2
* Connected to VBAT pins (both are the same) and integrated Voltage Stabilizer (LM7805M)

## Integrated voltage stabilizer (Omnibus F4 v1 only)

It is integrated with voltage monitoring and always powered when VBAT is connected to battery.
Because this is a **Linear Stabilizer**, it has a tendency to overheat, especially on 4S. Because of that,
avoid powering too many devices directly to 5V pins on the board. RX receiver (and board itself) is rather all
it can do without overeating (150mA on 4S gives 1.5W of waste heat!). OSD, LED Strip and other devices should powered from separate BEC if voltage monitoring is to be enabled.

## LED Strip

LED strip is enabled as indicated on flight controller silkscreen or schematics.
For INAV versions before v1.8.0, LED strip was shared with Motor 5 pin (PA1).
For Omnibus F4 Pro clones (Banggood, AliExpress, eBay, etc.) use **OMNIBUSF4PRO_LEDSTRIPM5** target for LED strip on M5 pin as the dedicated LED strip connection on these devices is typically wired incorrectly.

## SoftwareSerial

### Omnibus F4 v1/v2 SoftwareSerial Connections

This board allows for single **SoftwareSerial** port on small soldering pads located on the bottom side of the board.
Please note that this is *not* the motor PWM5/PWM6 pins, but small surface mount pads CH5/CH6.

### Omnibus F4 Pro SoftwareSerial Connections
![Omnibus F4 Pro SoftwareSerial Connections](../assets/images/omnibusf4pro_ss.jpg)

| Pad   | SoftwareSerial Role   |
| ----  | ----                  |
| CH5   | RX                    |
| CH6   | TX                    |

![Omnibus F4 Pro SmartPort using SoftwareSerial](../assets/images/omnibusf4pro_ss.png)

### Omnibus F4 v3/v4/v5 SoftwareSerial Connections

The SOFTSERIAL1 is an uni-directional port mapped to UART6-TX pin.
When enabled, the UART6 is still available as hardware port but it's then RX-only port (good for e.g. receiving S.BUS input). TX instead is controlled in software and can be used for transmitting one-way telemetry (e.g. LTM). Please note that UART6-TX line passes programmable inverter on those boards, so it is a pure output-only port. SmartPort/FPort telemetry requires bi-directional communication, so it is not possible on this port without hardware modification (bypassing the inverter).

## Where to buy:

* [Omnibus F4 v5](https://inavflight.com/shop/p/OMNIBUSF4V5)
* [Omnibus F4 Pro](https://inavflight.com/shop/p/OMNIBUSF4PRO)
* [Omnibus F4 Nano V6](https://inavflight.com/shop/s/bg/1320256)

# Wiring diagrams for Omnibus F4 Pro

Following diagrams applies to _Pro_ version with integrated current meter and JST connectors only

## Board layout

![Omnibus F4 Pro Board Layout](../assets/images/omnibusf4pro.png)

## Flying wing motor and servos

![Omnibus F4 Pro Flying Wing Setup](../assets/images/omnibusf4pro_flyingwing_setup.png)

## RX setup

![Omnibus F4 Pro RX Setup](../assets/images/omnibusf4pro_rx.png)

## FPV setup

![Omnibus F4 Pro FPV Setup](../assets/images/omnibusf4pro_fpv_setup.png)

## GPS setup

![Omnibus F4 Pro GPS Setup](../assets/images/omnibusf4pro_gps_setup.png)

_Diagrams created by Albert Kravcov (skaman82)_

Commit message:

Update OmnibusF4 docs for additional softserial options
Updating documentation to reflect softserail / smartport options added with
https://github.com/iNavFlight/inav/pull/4541/commits/8e8f03aa2a8f6d50c2af0c3600050b225ecb80f4

I have tested the softserail on the other build targets and confirmed Smartport works.

docs/boards/Omnibus F4.md, after:

# Board - Omnibus F4

![Omnibus F4](https://quadmeup.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/Omnibus-F4-Pinout-Top-Full-768x447.jpg)

* For Omnibus F4 Pro (with BMP280 baro, current sensor and SD Card) use **OMNIBUSF4PRO** target (LED strip on dedicated connection)
* For Onnibus F4 Pro clones (Banggood, AliExpress, eBay, etc.) use **OMNIBUSF4PRO_LEDSTRIPM5** target (LED strip on M5 pin)
* For Omnibus F4 Pro Corner use **OMNIBUSF4PRO** target

## Features

* STM32F405 CPU
* Integrated Accelerometer/Gyro MPU6000 or MPU6500 via SPI bus
* 6 motor outputs
* 3 UART ports (UART1, UART3, UART6)
* External I2C bus, pins shared with UART3, cannot be used simultaneously
* Inverter for SBUS
* Blackbox via SDCard or integrated 128mbit flash memory
* BLHeli Passthrough
* Integrated BEC
* Buzzer connector
* Integrated OSD

## Hardware versions

### Omnibus F4 v1 - discontinued

* Linear voltage stabilizer, tends to overheat
* SBUS inverter connected to UART1
* PPM and UART1 can be used together when S.BUS jumper is removed (close to PPM/SBUS connector)
* 128mbit flash memory for Blackbox
* Uses target **OMNIBUSF4**

### Omnibus F4 v3 - discontinued

* Switching voltage regulator - solves problem of overheating BEC
* SD Card slot instead of flash memory
* SBUS inverter connected to UART6
* PPM and UART6 can be used together when S.BUS jumper is removed (close to PPM/SBUS connector)
* Uses target **OMNIBUSF4V3**

More target options:
* OMNIBUSF4V3_S6_SS: Softserial1 on S6
* OMNIBUSF4V3_S5_S6_2SS: Softserial1 on S5 and Softserial2 on S6
* OMNIBUSF4V3_S5S6_SS: Softserial1 on S5/RX and S6/TX

### [Omnibus F4 v4/v5](https://inavflight.com/shop/p/OMNIBUSF4V5)

* Switching voltage regulator - solves problem of overheating BEC
* SD Card slot instead of flash memory
* SBUS inverter connected to UART6
* PPM and UART6 cannot be used together, there is no jumper to disconnect PPM input from UART6 RX
* Uses target **OMNIBUSF4V3**

### [Omnibus F4 Pro](https://inavflight.com/shop/p/OMNIBUSF4PRO)

* Sometimes called Omnibus F4 v2 Pro, but also exists v3, v4 & v5 versions with no functional differences
* Switching voltage regulator - solves problem of overheating BEC
* LC filter for camera and VTX
* SD Card slot instead of flash memory
* SBUS inverter connected to UART1
* PPM and UART1 can be used together when S.BUS jumper is removed (close to PPM/SBUS connector)
* Integrated current meter
* Uses target **OMNIBUSF4PRO**
* Omnibus F4 Pro clones (Banggood, AliExpress, eBay, etc.) use **OMNIBUSF4PRO_LEDSTRIPM5** target (LED strip on M5 pin instead of incorrectly wired dedicated connection)

### Omnibus F4 Pro Corner

* Switching voltage regulator - solves problem of overheating BEC
* LC filter for camera and VTX
* SD Card slot instead of flash memory
* SBUS inverter connected to UART3
* Integrated current meter
* Uses target **OMNIBUSF4PRO**

### Omnibus F4 Nano V6

* Switching voltage regulator - solves problem of overheating BEC
* SPI flash memory for blacbox
* SBUS inverter connected to UART1
* Uses target **FIREWORKSV2**

### Omnibus Corner Nano

* Configurable inverter on UART6
* Use target **OMNIBUSF4V3**

## **NOT** supported

* HC-SR04 Rangefinder
* ServoTilt

## Radio Receivers

SerialRX, PPM and MSP receivers are supported.

SerialRX and PPM receivers should be connected to dedicated _PPM SBUS_ connector above _Motor 1_. MSP receivers should be connected to one of UARTs configured as MSP.

## Motors

| Motor     | pin   |
| ----      | ----  |
| 1         | PB0   |
| 2         | PB1   |
| 3         | PA3   |
| 4         | PA2   |
| 5         | PA1   |
| 6         | PA8   |

## USB

This board uses STM32 VCP and _not_ utilizes UART when USB is connected. STM32 VCP drivers might be required!

Flashing requires DFU mode and STM32 DFU drivers. Two options for installing the proper driver:

* [Zadig](http://zadig.akeo.ie) tool to install WinUSB driver on Windows.
* [ImpulseRC Driver Fixer](https://impulserc.com/pages/downloads) installs the STM32 DFU driver with a single click.

## Buzzer / Beeper

5V piezo buzzer should be connected directly to dedicated pins _BUZ +_ and _BUZ -_. No additional hardware is required.

## RSSI ADC

* Connected to pin PA0
* 3.3V tolerant, do not supply 5V

## Current Meter ADC

* Connected to pin PC1
* 3.3V tolerant, do not supply 5V

## Voltage monitoring

* Connected to pin PC2
* Connected to VBAT pins (both are the same) and integrated Voltage Stabilizer (LM7805M)

## Integrated voltage stabilizer (Omnibus F4 v1 only)

It is integrated with voltage monitoring and always powered when VBAT is connected to battery.
Because this is a **Linear Stabilizer**, it has a tendency to overheat, especially on 4S. Because of that,
avoid powering too many devices directly to 5V pins on the board. RX receiver (and board itself) is rather all
it can do without overeating (150mA on 4S gives 1.5W of waste heat!). OSD, LED Strip and other devices should powered from separate BEC if voltage monitoring is to be enabled.

## LED Strip

LED strip is enabled as indicated on flight controller silkscreen or schematics.
For INAV versions before v1.8.0, LED strip was shared with Motor 5 pin (PA1).
For Omnibus F4 Pro clones (Banggood, AliExpress, eBay, etc.) use **OMNIBUSF4PRO_LEDSTRIPM5** target for LED strip on M5 pin as the dedicated LED strip connection on these devices is typically wired incorrectly.

## SoftwareSerial

### Omnibus F4 v1/v2 SoftwareSerial Connections

This board allows for single **SoftwareSerial** port on small soldering pads located on the bottom side of the board.
Please note that this is *not* the motor PWM5/PWM6 pins, but small surface mount pads CH5/CH6.

### Omnibus F4 Pro SoftwareSerial Connections
![Omnibus F4 Pro SoftwareSerial Connections](../assets/images/omnibusf4pro_ss.jpg)

| Pad   | SoftwareSerial Role   |
| ----  | ----                  |
| CH5   | RX                    |
| CH6   | TX                    |

![Omnibus F4 Pro SmartPort using SoftwareSerial](../assets/images/omnibusf4pro_ss.png)

### Omnibus F4 v3/v4/v5 SoftwareSerial Connections

Softserial mappings can be selected by choosing between different build targets.
Some of these can be used for Smartport, FPort, or other inverted protocols.

OMNIBUSF4V3: Softserial1 on UART6-TX pin.
OMNIBUSF4V3_S6_SS: Softserial1 RX or TX on S6 (motor 6)
OMNIBUSF4V3_S5_S6_2SS: Softserial1 on S5 RX or TX (motor 5) and Softserial2 on S6 (motor 6)
OMNIBUSF4V3_S5S6_SS: Softserial1 on S5/RX and S6/TX

With the OMNIBUSF4V3 target, SOFTSERIAL1 is an uni-directional port mapped to UART6-TX pin.
When enabled, the UART6 is still available as hardware port but it's then RX-only port (good for e.g. receiving S.BUS input). TX instead is controlled in software and can be used for transmitting one-way telemetry (e.g. LTM). Please note that UART6-TX line passes programmable inverter on those boards, so it is a pure output-only port. SmartPort/FPort telemetry requires bi-directional communication, so it is not possible on this port without hardware modification (bypassing the inverter).

SmartPort / FPort is possible without a hardware inverter by using one of the OMNIBUSF4V3___SS builds and connecting SmartPort to the motor 5 or 6 pad.

## Where to buy:

* [Omnibus F4 v5](https://inavflight.com/shop/p/OMNIBUSF4V5)
* [Omnibus F4 Pro](https://inavflight.com/shop/p/OMNIBUSF4PRO)
* [Omnibus F4 Nano V6](https://inavflight.com/shop/s/bg/1320256)

# Wiring diagrams for Omnibus F4 Pro

Following diagrams applies to _Pro_ version with integrated current meter and JST connectors only

## Board layout

![Omnibus F4 Pro Board Layout](../assets/images/omnibusf4pro.png)

## Flying wing motor and servos

![Omnibus F4 Pro Flying Wing Setup](../assets/images/omnibusf4pro_flyingwing_setup.png)

## RX setup

![Omnibus F4 Pro RX Setup](../assets/images/omnibusf4pro_rx.png)

## FPV setup

![Omnibus F4 Pro FPV Setup](../assets/images/omnibusf4pro_fpv_setup.png)

## GPS setup

![Omnibus F4 Pro GPS Setup](../assets/images/omnibusf4pro_gps_setup.png)

_Diagrams created by Albert Kravcov (skaman82)_
