docs/Profiles.md, before:

# Profiles

A profile is a set of configuration settings.

Currently three profiles are supported. The default profile is profile `1`.

## Changing profiles
### Stick Commands
Profiles can be selected using a GUI or the following stick combinations:

| Profile | Throttle | Yaw   | Pitch  | Roll   |
| ------- | -------- | ----- | ------ | ------ |
| 1       | Down     | Left  | Middle | Left   |
| 2       | Down     | Left  | Up     | Middle |
| 3       | Down     | Left  | Middle | Right  |

### CLI
The CLI `profile` command can also be used to change profiles:

```
profile <index>
```

### Programming (4.0.0 onwards)
You can change profiles using the programming frame work. This allows a lot of flexability in how you change profiles.

For example, using a simple switch on channel 15.

[![For example, using a simple switch](https://i.imgur.com/SS9CaaOl.png)](https://i.imgur.com/SS9CaaO.png)

Or using the speed to change profiles. In this example: 
- when lower than 25 cm/s (basically not flying), profiles are not effected.
- Below 2682 cm/s (60 mph | 97 Km/h) use Profile 1
- Above 5364 cm/s (120 mph | 193 Km/h) use Profile 3
- Between 2683 and 5364 cm/s, use Profile 2

[![Using speed to change profiles](https://i.imgur.com/WjkuhhWl.png)](https://i.imgur.com/WjkuhhW.png)

## Profile Contents
The values contained within a profile can be seen by using the CLI `dump profile` command.

e.g
```
# dump profile

# profile
profile 1

set mc_p_pitch = 40
set mc_i_pitch = 30
set mc_d_pitch = 23
set mc_cd_pitch = 60
set mc_p_roll = 40
set mc_i_roll = 30
set mc_d_roll = 23
set mc_cd_roll = 60
set mc_p_yaw = 85
set mc_i_yaw = 45
set mc_d_yaw = 0
set mc_cd_yaw = 60
set mc_p_level = 20
set mc_i_level = 15
set mc_d_level = 75
set fw_p_pitch = 5
set fw_i_pitch = 7
set fw_d_pitch = 0
set fw_ff_pitch = 50
set fw_p_roll = 5
set fw_i_roll = 7
set fw_d_roll = 0
set fw_ff_roll = 50
set fw_p_yaw = 6
set fw_i_yaw = 10
set fw_d_yaw = 0
set fw_ff_yaw = 60
set fw_p_level = 20
set fw_i_level = 5
set fw_d_level = 75
set max_angle_inclination_rll = 300
set max_angle_inclination_pit = 300
set dterm_lpf_hz = 110
set dterm_lpf_type = PT2
set dterm_lpf2_hz = 0
set dterm_lpf2_type = PT1
set yaw_lpf_hz = 0
set fw_iterm_throw_limit = 165
set fw_loiter_direction = RIGHT
set fw_reference_airspeed =  1500.000
set fw_turn_assist_yaw_gain =  1.000
set fw_turn_assist_pitch_gain =  1.000
set fw_iterm_limit_stick_position =  0.500
set fw_yaw_iterm_freeze_bank_angle = 0
set pidsum_limit = 500
set pidsum_limit_yaw = 350
set iterm_windup = 50
set rate_accel_limit_roll_pitch = 0
set rate_accel_limit_yaw = 10000
set heading_hold_rate_limit = 90
set nav_mc_pos_z_p = 50
set nav_mc_vel_z_p = 100
set nav_mc_vel_z_i = 50
set nav_mc_vel_z_d = 10
set nav_mc_pos_xy_p = 65
set nav_mc_vel_xy_p = 40
set nav_mc_vel_xy_i = 15
set nav_mc_vel_xy_d = 100
set nav_mc_vel_xy_ff = 40
set nav_mc_heading_p = 60
set nav_mc_vel_xy_dterm_lpf_hz =  2.000
set nav_mc_vel_xy_dterm_attenuation = 90
set nav_mc_vel_xy_dterm_attenuation_start = 10
set nav_mc_vel_xy_dterm_attenuation_end = 60
set nav_fw_pos_z_p = 40
set nav_fw_pos_z_i = 5
set nav_fw_pos_z_d = 10
set nav_fw_pos_xy_p = 75
set nav_fw_pos_xy_i = 5
set nav_fw_pos_xy_d = 8
set nav_fw_heading_p = 60
set nav_fw_pos_hdg_p = 30
set nav_fw_pos_hdg_i = 2
set nav_fw_pos_hdg_d = 0
set nav_fw_pos_hdg_pidsum_limit = 350
set mc_iterm_relax = RP
set mc_iterm_relax_cutoff = 15
set d_boost_min =  0.500
set d_boost_max =  1.250
set d_boost_max_at_acceleration =  7500.000
set d_boost_gyro_delta_lpf_hz = 80
set antigravity_gain =  1.000
set antigravity_accelerator =  1.000
set antigravity_cutoff_lpf_hz = 15
set pid_type = AUTO
set mc_cd_lpf_hz = 30
set fw_level_pitch_trim =  0.000
set smith_predictor_strength =  0.500
set smith_predictor_delay =  0.000
set smith_predictor_lpf_hz = 50
set fw_level_pitch_gain =  5.000
set thr_mid = 50
set thr_expo = 0
set tpa_rate = 0
set tpa_breakpoint = 1500
set fw_tpa_time_constant = 0
set rc_expo = 70
set rc_yaw_expo = 20
set roll_rate = 20
set pitch_rate = 20
set yaw_rate = 20
set manual_rc_expo = 70
set manual_rc_yaw_expo = 20
set manual_roll_rate = 100
set manual_pitch_rate = 100
set manual_yaw_rate = 100
set fpv_mix_degrees = 0
set rate_dynamics_center_sensitivity = 100
set rate_dynamics_end_sensitivity = 100
set rate_dynamics_center_correction = 10
set rate_dynamics_end_correction = 10
set rate_dynamics_center_weight = 0
set rate_dynamics_end_weight = 0

```

Commit message:

Updated profiles.md doc
Updated profiles.md doc to cover how to stop profiles automatically changing while editing.

docs/Profiles.md, after:

# Profiles

A profile is a set of configuration settings.

Currently three profiles are supported. The default profile is profile `1`.

## Changing profiles
### Stick Commands
Profiles can be selected using a GUI or the following stick combinations:

| Profile | Throttle | Yaw   | Pitch  | Roll   |
| ------- | -------- | ----- | ------ | ------ |
| 1       | Down     | Left  | Middle | Left   |
| 2       | Down     | Left  | Up     | Middle |
| 3       | Down     | Left  | Middle | Right  |

### CLI
The CLI `profile` command can also be used to change profiles:

```
profile <index>
```

### Programming (4.0.0 onwards)
You can change profiles using the programming frame work. This allows a lot of flexability in how you change profiles.

For example, using a simple switch on channel 15.

[![For example, using a simple switch](https://i.imgur.com/SS9CaaOl.png)](https://i.imgur.com/SS9CaaO.png)

Or using the speed to change profiles. In this example: 
- when lower than 25 cm/s (basically not flying), profiles are not effected.
- Below 2682 cm/s (60 mph | 97 Km/h) use Profile 1
- Above 5364 cm/s (120 mph | 193 Km/h) use Profile 3
- Between 2683 and 5364 cm/s, use Profile 2

[![Using speed to change profiles](https://i.imgur.com/WjkuhhWl.png)](https://i.imgur.com/WjkuhhW.png)

#### Configurator use with profile changing logic.

If you have logic conditions that change the profiles. You may find that if you manually change the profile using the drop down boxes in the top right of Configurator; that they switch back to a different profile. This is because the logic conditions are still running in the background. If this is the case, the simplest solutuion is to temporarily disable the switches that trigger the `set profile` operations. Remember to re-enable these switches after you have made your changes.

[![Disabled SET PROFILE switches](https://i.imgur.com/AeH9ll7l.png)](https://i.imgur.com/AeH9ll7.png)

## Profile Contents
The values contained within a profile can be seen by using the CLI `dump profile` command.

e.g
```
# dump profile

# profile
profile 1

set mc_p_pitch = 40
set mc_i_pitch = 30
set mc_d_pitch = 23
set mc_cd_pitch = 60
set mc_p_roll = 40
set mc_i_roll = 30
set mc_d_roll = 23
set mc_cd_roll = 60
set mc_p_yaw = 85
set mc_i_yaw = 45
set mc_d_yaw = 0
set mc_cd_yaw = 60
set mc_p_level = 20
set mc_i_level = 15
set mc_d_level = 75
set fw_p_pitch = 5
set fw_i_pitch = 7
set fw_d_pitch = 0
set fw_ff_pitch = 50
set fw_p_roll = 5
set fw_i_roll = 7
set fw_d_roll = 0
set fw_ff_roll = 50
set fw_p_yaw = 6
set fw_i_yaw = 10
set fw_d_yaw = 0
set fw_ff_yaw = 60
set fw_p_level = 20
set fw_i_level = 5
set fw_d_level = 75
set max_angle_inclination_rll = 300
set max_angle_inclination_pit = 300
set dterm_lpf_hz = 110
set dterm_lpf_type = PT2
set dterm_lpf2_hz = 0
set dterm_lpf2_type = PT1
set yaw_lpf_hz = 0
set fw_iterm_throw_limit = 165
set fw_loiter_direction = RIGHT
set fw_reference_airspeed =  1500.000
set fw_turn_assist_yaw_gain =  1.000
set fw_turn_assist_pitch_gain =  1.000
set fw_iterm_limit_stick_position =  0.500
set fw_yaw_iterm_freeze_bank_angle = 0
set pidsum_limit = 500
set pidsum_limit_yaw = 350
set iterm_windup = 50
set rate_accel_limit_roll_pitch = 0
set rate_accel_limit_yaw = 10000
set heading_hold_rate_limit = 90
set nav_mc_pos_z_p = 50
set nav_mc_vel_z_p = 100
set nav_mc_vel_z_i = 50
set nav_mc_vel_z_d = 10
set nav_mc_pos_xy_p = 65
set nav_mc_vel_xy_p = 40
set nav_mc_vel_xy_i = 15
set nav_mc_vel_xy_d = 100
set nav_mc_vel_xy_ff = 40
set nav_mc_heading_p = 60
set nav_mc_vel_xy_dterm_lpf_hz =  2.000
set nav_mc_vel_xy_dterm_attenuation = 90
set nav_mc_vel_xy_dterm_attenuation_start = 10
set nav_mc_vel_xy_dterm_attenuation_end = 60
set nav_fw_pos_z_p = 40
set nav_fw_pos_z_i = 5
set nav_fw_pos_z_d = 10
set nav_fw_pos_xy_p = 75
set nav_fw_pos_xy_i = 5
set nav_fw_pos_xy_d = 8
set nav_fw_heading_p = 60
set nav_fw_pos_hdg_p = 30
set nav_fw_pos_hdg_i = 2
set nav_fw_pos_hdg_d = 0
set nav_fw_pos_hdg_pidsum_limit = 350
set mc_iterm_relax = RP
set mc_iterm_relax_cutoff = 15
set d_boost_min =  0.500
set d_boost_max =  1.250
set d_boost_max_at_acceleration =  7500.000
set d_boost_gyro_delta_lpf_hz = 80
set antigravity_gain =  1.000
set antigravity_accelerator =  1.000
set antigravity_cutoff_lpf_hz = 15
set pid_type = AUTO
set mc_cd_lpf_hz = 30
set fw_level_pitch_trim =  0.000
set smith_predictor_strength =  0.500
set smith_predictor_delay =  0.000
set smith_predictor_lpf_hz = 50
set fw_level_pitch_gain =  5.000
set thr_mid = 50
set thr_expo = 0
set tpa_rate = 0
set tpa_breakpoint = 1500
set fw_tpa_time_constant = 0
set rc_expo = 70
set rc_yaw_expo = 20
set roll_rate = 20
set pitch_rate = 20
set yaw_rate = 20
set manual_rc_expo = 70
set manual_rc_yaw_expo = 20
set manual_roll_rate = 100
set manual_pitch_rate = 100
set manual_yaw_rate = 100
set fpv_mix_degrees = 0
set rate_dynamics_center_sensitivity = 100
set rate_dynamics_end_sensitivity = 100
set rate_dynamics_center_correction = 10
set rate_dynamics_end_correction = 10
set rate_dynamics_center_weight = 0
set rate_dynamics_end_weight = 0

```
