# CLI Variable Reference

> Note: this document is autogenerated. Do not edit it manually.

### 3d_deadband_high

High value of throttle deadband for 3D mode (when stick is in the deadband range, the value in 3d_neutral is used instead)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1514 | PWM_RANGE_MIN | PWM_RANGE_MAX |

---

### 3d_deadband_low

Low value of throttle deadband for 3D mode (when stick is in the 3d_deadband_throttle range, the fixed values of 3d_deadband_low / _high are used instead)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1406 | PWM_RANGE_MIN | PWM_RANGE_MAX |

---

### 3d_deadband_throttle

Throttle signal will be held to a fixed value when throttle is centered with an error margin defined in this parameter.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50 | 0 | 200 |

---

### 3d_neutral

Neutral (stop) throttle value for 3D mode

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1460 | PWM_RANGE_MIN | PWM_RANGE_MAX |

---

### acc_event_threshold_high

Acceleration threshold [cm/s/s] for impact / high g event text messages sent by SIM module. Acceleration values greater than 4 g can occur in fixed wing flight without an impact, so a setting of 4000 or greater is suggested. 0 = detection off.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 65535 |

---

### acc_event_threshold_low

Acceleration threshold [cm/s/s] for low-g / freefall detection text messages sent by SIM module. A setting of less than 100 is suggested. Valid values: [0-900], 0 = detection off.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 900 |

---

### acc_event_threshold_neg_x

Acceleration threshold [cm/s/s] for backwards acceleration / fixed wing landing detection text messages sent by SIM module. Suggested value for fixed wing: 1100. 0 = detection off.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 65535 |

---

### acc_hardware

Selection of acc hardware. See Wiki Sensor auto detect and hardware failure detection for more info

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AUTO |  |  |

---

### acc_lpf_hz

Software-based filter to remove mechanical vibrations from the accelerometer measurements. Value is cutoff frequency (Hz). For larger frames with bigger props set to lower value.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 15 | 0 | 200 |

---

### acc_lpf_type

Specifies the type of the software LPF of the acc signals. BIQUAD gives better filtering and more delay, PT1 less filtering and less delay, so use only on clean builds.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| BIQUAD |  |  |

---

### acc_notch_cutoff

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 1 | 255 |

---

### acc_notch_hz

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 255 |

---

### accgain_x

Calculated value after '6 position avanced calibration'. Uncalibrated value is 4096. See Wiki page.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 4096 | 1 | 8192 |

---

### accgain_y

Calculated value after '6 position avanced calibration'. Uncalibrated value is 4096. See Wiki page.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 4096 | 1 | 8192 |

---

### accgain_z

Calculated value after '6 position avanced calibration'. Uncalibrated value is 4096. See Wiki page.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 4096 | 1 | 8192 |

---

### acczero_x

Calculated value after '6 position avanced calibration'. See Wiki page.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### acczero_y

Calculated value after '6 position avanced calibration'. See Wiki page.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### acczero_z

Calculated value after '6 position avanced calibration'. See Wiki page.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### ahrs_gps_gain

This controls how much to use the GPS to correct the attitude. This should never be set to zero for a plane as it would result in the plane losing control in turns. For a plane please use the default value of 10.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10 | 0 | 10 |

---

### ahrs_kp_acc

This controls how fast the accelerometers correct the attitude

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 20 | 10 | 40 |

---

### ahrs_kp_mag

This controls the weight the compass or GPS has on the heading. A higher value means the heading will track the yaw source (GPS or compass) more rapidly.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 20 | 10 | 40 |

---

### airmode_throttle_threshold

Defines airmode THROTTLE activation threshold when `airmode_type` **THROTTLE_THRESHOLD** is used

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1150 | 1000 | 2000 |

---

### airmode_type

Defines the Airmode state handling type. Default **STICK_CENTER** is the classical approach in which Airmode is always active if enabled, but when the throttle is low and ROLL/PITCH/YAW sticks are centered, Iterms is not allowed to grow (ANTI_WINDUP). **THROTTLE_THRESHOLD** is the Airmode behavior known from Betaflight. In this mode, Airmode is active as soon THROTTLE position is above `airmode_throttle_threshold` and stays active until disarm. ANTI_WINDUP is never triggered. For small Multirotors (up to 7-inch propellers) it is suggested to switch to **THROTTLE_THRESHOLD** since it keeps full stabilization no matter what pilot does with the sticks. Fixed Wings always use **STICK_CENTER_ONCE** or **STICK_CENTER** modes.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| STICK_CENTER |  |  |

---

### airspeed_adc_channel

ADC channel to use for analog pitot tube (airspeed) sensor. If board doesn't have a dedicated connector for analog airspeed sensor will default to 0

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| _target default_ | ADC_CHN_NONE | ADC_CHN_MAX |

---

### align_board_pitch

Arbitrary board rotation in deci-degrees (0.1 degree), to allow mounting it sideways / upside down / rotated etc

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -1800 | 3600 |

---

### align_board_roll

Arbitrary board rotation in deci-degrees (0.1 degree), to allow mounting it sideways / upside down / rotated etc

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -1800 | 3600 |

---

### align_board_yaw

Arbitrary board rotation in deci-degrees (0.1 degree), to allow mounting it sideways / upside down / rotated etc

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -1800 | 3600 |

---

### align_mag

When running on non-default hardware or adding support for new sensors/sensor boards, these values are used for sensor orientation. When carefully understood, these values can also be used to rotate (in 90deg steps) or flip the board. Possible values are: DEFAULT, CW0_DEG, CW90_DEG, CW180_DEG, CW270_DEG, CW0_DEG_FLIP, CW90_DEG_FLIP, CW180_DEG_FLIP, CW270_DEG_FLIP.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| DEFAULT |  |  |

---

### align_mag_pitch

Same as align_mag_roll, but for the pitch axis.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -1800 | 3600 |

---

### align_mag_roll

Set the external mag alignment on the roll axis (in 0.1 degree steps). If this value is non-zero, the compass is assumed to be externally mounted and both the board and on-board compass alignent (align_mag) are ignored. See also align_mag_pitch and align_mag_yaw.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -1800 | 3600 |

---

### align_mag_yaw

Same as align_mag_roll, but for the yaw axis.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -1800 | 3600 |

---

### align_opflow

Optical flow module alignment (default CW0_DEG_FLIP)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| CW0FLIP |  |  |

---

### alt_hold_deadband

Defines the deadband of throttle during alt_hold [r/c points]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50 | 10 | 250 |

---

### antigravity_accelerator

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 1 | 20 |

---

### antigravity_cutoff_lpf_hz

Antigravity cutoff frequenct for Throtte filter. Antigravity is based on the difference between actual and filtered throttle input. The bigger is the difference, the bigger Antigravity gain

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 15 | 1 | 30 |

---

### antigravity_gain

Max Antigravity gain. `1` means Antigravity is disabled, `2` means Iterm is allowed to double during rapid throttle movements

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 1 | 20 |

---

### applied_defaults

Internal (configurator) hint. Should not be changed manually

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 4 |

---

### baro_cal_tolerance

Baro calibration tolerance in cm. The default should allow the noisiest baro to complete calibration [cm].

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 150 | 0 | 1000 |

---

### baro_hardware

Selection of baro hardware. See Wiki Sensor auto detect and hardware failure detection for more info

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AUTO |  |  |

---

### bat_cells

Number of cells of the battery (0 = auto-detect), see battery documentation. 7S, 9S and 11S batteries cannot be auto-detected.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 12 |

---

### bat_voltage_src

Chose between raw and sag compensated battery voltage to use for battery alarms and telemetry. Possible values are `RAW` and `SAG_COMP`

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| RAW |  |  |

---

### battery_capacity

Set the battery capacity in mAh or mWh (see `battery_capacity_unit`). Used to calculate the remaining battery capacity.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 4294967295 |

---

### battery_capacity_critical

If the remaining battery capacity goes below this threshold the battery is considered empty and the beeper will emit long beeps.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 4294967295 |

---

### battery_capacity_unit

Unit used for `battery_capacity`, `battery_capacity_warning` and `battery_capacity_critical` [MAH/MWH] (milliAmpere hour / milliWatt hour).

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| MAH |  |  |

---

### battery_capacity_warning

If the remaining battery capacity goes below this threshold the beeper will emit short beeps and the relevant OSD items will blink.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 4294967295 |

---

### beeper_pwm_mode

Allows disabling PWM mode for beeper on some targets. Switch from ON to OFF if the external beeper sound is weak. Do not switch from OFF to ON without checking if the board supports PWM beeper mode

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### blackbox_device

Selection of where to write blackbox data

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| _target default_ |  |  |

---

### blackbox_rate_denom

Blackbox logging rate denominator. See blackbox_rate_num.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 1 | 65535 |

---

### blackbox_rate_num

Blackbox logging rate numerator. Use num/denom settings to decide if a frame should be logged, allowing control of the portion of logged loop iterations

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 1 | 65535 |

---

### control_deadband

Stick deadband in [r/c points], applied after r/c deadband and expo. Used to check if sticks are centered.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10 | 2 | 250 |

---

### controlrate_profile

Control rate profile to switch to when the battery profile is selected, 0 to disable and keep the currently selected control rate profile

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 3 |

---

### cpu_underclock

This option is only available on certain architectures (F3 CPUs at the moment). It makes CPU clock lower to reduce interference to long-range RC systems working at 433MHz

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### cruise_power

Power draw at cruise throttle used for remaining flight time/distance estimation in 0.01W unit

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 4294967295 |

---

### current_adc_channel

ADC channel to use for analog current sensor input. Defaults to board CURRENT sensor input (if available). 0 = disabled

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| _target default_ | ADC_CHN_NONE | ADC_CHN_MAX |

---

### current_meter_offset

This sets the output offset voltage of the current sensor in millivolts.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| _target default_ | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### current_meter_scale

This sets the output voltage to current scaling for the current sensor in 0.1 mV/A steps. 400 is 40mV/A such as the ACS756 sensor outputs. 183 is the setting for the uberdistro with a 0.25mOhm shunt.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| _target default_ | -10000 | 10000 |

---

### current_meter_type

ADC , VIRTUAL, NONE. The virtual current sensor, once calibrated, estimates the current value from throttle position.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ADC |  |  |

---

### d_boost_gyro_delta_lpf_hz

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 80 | 10 | 250 |

---

### d_boost_max

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1.25 | 1 | 3 |

---

### d_boost_max_at_acceleration

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 7500 | 1000 | 16000 |

---

### d_boost_min

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0.5 | 0 | 1 |

---

### deadband

These are values (in us) by how much RC input can be different before it's considered valid. For transmitters with jitter on outputs, this value can be increased. Defaults are zero, but can be increased up to 10 or so if rc inputs twitch while idle.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 32 |

---

### debug_mode

Defines debug values exposed in debug variables (developer / debugging setting)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| NONE |  |  |

---

### disarm_kill_switch

Disarms the motors independently of throttle value. Setting to OFF reverts to the old behaviour of disarming only when the throttle is low. Only applies when arming and disarming with an AUX channel.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### display_force_sw_blink

OFF = OSD hardware blink / ON = OSD software blink. If OSD warning text/values are invisible, try setting this to ON

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### dji_cn_alternating_duration

Alternating duration of craft name elements, in tenths of a second

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 30 | 1 | 150 |

---

### dji_esc_temp_source

Re-purpose the ESC temperature field for IMU/BARO temperature

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ESC |  |  |

---

### dji_message_speed_source

Sets the speed type displayed by the DJI OSD in craft name: GROUND, 3D, AIR

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3D |  |  |

---

### dji_rssi_source

Source of the DJI RSSI field: RSSI, CRSF_LQ

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| RSSI |  |  |

---

### dji_use_adjustments

Show inflight adjustments in craft name field

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### dji_use_name_for_messages

Re-purpose the craft name field for messages.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### dji_workarounds

Enables workarounds for different versions of MSP protocol used

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 0 | 255 |

---

### dshot_beeper_enabled

Whether using DShot motors as beepers is enabled

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### dshot_beeper_tone

Sets the DShot beeper tone

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 1 | 5 |

---

### dterm_lpf2_hz

Cutoff frequency for stage 2 D-term low pass filter

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 500 |

---

### dterm_lpf2_type

Defines the type of stage 1 D-term LPF filter. Possible values: `PT1`, `BIQUAD`, `PT2`, `PT3`.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| PT1 |  |  |

---

### dterm_lpf_hz

Dterm low pass filter cutoff frequency. Default setting is very conservative and small multirotors should use higher value between 80 and 100Hz. 80 seems like a gold spot for 7-inch builds while 100 should work best with 5-inch machines. If motors are getting too hot, lower the value

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 110 | 0 | 500 |

---

### dterm_lpf_type

Defines the type of stage 1 D-term LPF filter. Possible values: `PT1`, `BIQUAD`, `PT2`, `PT3`.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| PT2 |  |  |

---

### dynamic_gyro_notch_enabled

Enable/disable dynamic gyro notch also known as Matrix Filter

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### dynamic_gyro_notch_min_hz

Minimum frequency for dynamic notches. Default value of `150` works best with 5" multirotors. Should be lowered with increased size of propellers. Values around `100` work fine on 7" drones. 10" can go down to `60` - `70`

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50 | 30 | 250 |

---

### dynamic_gyro_notch_q

Q factor for dynamic notches

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 120 | 1 | 1000 |

---

### esc_sensor_listen_only

Enable when BLHeli32 Auto Telemetry function is used. Disable in every other case

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### failsafe_delay

Time in deciseconds to wait before activating failsafe when signal is lost. See [Failsafe documentation](Failsafe.md#failsafe_delay).

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 200 |

---

### failsafe_fw_pitch_angle

Amount of dive/climb when `LAND` (or old `SET-THR`) failsafe is active on a fixed-wing machine. In 1/10 deg (deci-degrees). Negative values = climb

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | -800 | 800 |

---

### failsafe_fw_roll_angle

Amount of banking when `LAND` (or old `SET-THR`) failsafe is active on a fixed-wing machine. In 1/10 deg (deci-degrees). Negative values = left roll

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| -200 | -800 | 800 |

---

### failsafe_fw_yaw_rate

Requested yaw rate to execute when `LAND` (or old `SET-THR`) failsafe is active on a fixed-wing machine. In deg/s. Negative values = left turn

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| -45 | -1000 | 1000 |

---

### failsafe_lights

Enable or disable the lights when the `FAILSAFE` flight mode is enabled. The target needs to be compiled with `USE_LIGHTS` [ON/OFF].

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### failsafe_lights_flash_on_time

Flash lights ON time in milliseconds when `failsafe_lights` is ON and `FAILSAFE` flight mode is enabled. [20-65535].

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 20 | 65535 |

---

### failsafe_lights_flash_period

Time in milliseconds between two flashes when `failsafe_lights` is ON and `FAILSAFE` flight mode is enabled [40-65535].

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1000 | 40 | 65535 |

---

### failsafe_min_distance

If failsafe happens when craft is closer than this distance in centimeters from home, failsafe will not execute regular failsafe_procedure, but will execute procedure specified in failsafe_min_distance_procedure instead. 0 = Normal failsafe_procedure always taken.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 65000 |

---

### failsafe_min_distance_procedure

What failsafe procedure to initiate in Stage 2 when craft is closer to home than failsafe_min_distance. See [Failsafe documentation](Failsafe.md#failsafe_throttle).

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| DROP |  |  |

---

### failsafe_mission

If set to `OFF` the failsafe procedure won't be triggered and the mission will continue if the FC is in WP (automatic mission) mode

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### failsafe_off_delay

Time in deciseconds to wait before turning off motors when failsafe is activated. 0 = No timeout. See [Failsafe documentation](Failsafe.md#failsafe_off_delay).

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 | 0 | 200 |

---

### failsafe_procedure

What failsafe procedure to initiate in Stage 2. See [Failsafe documentation](Failsafe.md#failsafe_throttle).

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| LAND |  |  |

---

### failsafe_recovery_delay

Time in deciseconds to wait before aborting failsafe when signal is recovered. See [Failsafe documentation](Failsafe.md#failsafe_recovery_delay).

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 200 |

---

### failsafe_stick_threshold

Threshold for stick motion to consider failsafe condition resolved. If non-zero failsafe won't clear even if RC link is restored - you have to move sticks to exit failsafe.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50 | 0 | 500 |

---

### failsafe_throttle

Throttle level used for landing when failsafe is enabled. See [Failsafe documentation](Failsafe.md#failsafe_throttle).

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1000 | PWM_RANGE_MIN | PWM_RANGE_MAX |

---

### failsafe_throttle_low_delay

If failsafe activated when throttle is low for this much time - bypass failsafe and disarm, in 10th of seconds. 0 = No timeout

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 300 |

---

### fixed_wing_auto_arm

Auto-arm fixed wing aircraft on throttle above min_check, and disarming with stick commands are disabled, so power cycle is required to disarm. Requires enabled motorstop and no arm switch configured.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### flaperon_throw_offset

Defines throw range in us for both ailerons that will be passed to servo mixer via input source 14 (`FEATURE FLAPS`) when FLAPERON mode is activated.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 | FLAPERON_THROW_MIN | FLAPERON_THROW_MAX |

---

### fpv_mix_degrees

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 50 |

---

### frsky_coordinates_format

D-Series telemetry only: FRSKY_FORMAT_DMS (default), FRSKY_FORMAT_NMEA

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | FRSKY_FORMAT_NMEA |

---

### frsky_default_latitude

D-Series telemetry only: OpenTX needs a valid set of coordinates to show compass value. A fake value defined in this setting is sent while no fix is acquired.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -90 | 90 |

---

### frsky_default_longitude

D-Series telemetry only: OpenTX needs a valid set of coordinates to show compass value. A fake value defined in this setting is sent while no fix is acquired.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -180 | 180 |

---

### frsky_pitch_roll

S.Port and D-Series telemetry: Send pitch and roll degrees*10 instead of raw accelerometer data

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### frsky_unit

Not used? [METRIC/IMPERIAL]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| METRIC |  |  |

---

### frsky_vfas_precision

D-Series telemetry only: Set to 1 to send raw VBat value in 0.1V resolution for receivers that can handle it, or 0 (default) to use the standard method

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | FRSKY_VFAS_PRECISION_LOW | FRSKY_VFAS_PRECISION_HIGH |

---

### fw_autotune_max_rate_deflection

The target percentage of maximum mixer output used for determining the rates in `AUTO` and `LIMIT`.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 80 | 50 | 100 |

---

### fw_autotune_min_stick

Minimum stick input [%], after applying deadband and expo, to start recording the plane's response to stick input.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50 | 0 | 100 |

---

### fw_autotune_rate_adjustment

`AUTO` and `LIMIT` adjust the rates to match the capabilities of the airplane, with `LIMIT` they are never increased above the starting rates setting. `FIXED` does not adjust the rates. Rates are not changed when tuning in `ANGLE` mode.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AUTO |  |  |

---

### fw_d_level

Fixed-wing attitude stabilisation HORIZON transition point

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 75 | 0 | 255 |

---

### fw_d_pitch

Fixed wing rate stabilisation D-gain for PITCH

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 255 |

---

### fw_d_roll

Fixed wing rate stabilisation D-gain for ROLL

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 255 |

---

### fw_d_yaw

Fixed wing rate stabilisation D-gain for YAW

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 255 |

---

### fw_ff_pitch

Fixed-wing rate stabilisation FF-gain for PITCH

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50 | 0 | 255 |

---

### fw_ff_roll

Fixed-wing rate stabilisation FF-gain for ROLL

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50 | 0 | 255 |

---

### fw_ff_yaw

Fixed-wing rate stabilisation FF-gain for YAW

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 60 | 0 | 255 |

---

### fw_i_level

Fixed-wing attitude stabilisation low-pass filter cutoff

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 255 |

---

### fw_i_pitch

Fixed-wing rate stabilisation I-gain for PITCH

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 7 | 0 | 255 |

---

### fw_i_roll

Fixed-wing rate stabilisation I-gain for ROLL

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 7 | 0 | 255 |

---

### fw_i_yaw

Fixed-wing rate stabilisation I-gain for YAW

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10 | 0 | 255 |

---

### fw_iterm_limit_stick_position

Iterm is not allowed to grow when stick position is above threshold. This solves the problem of bounceback or followthrough when full stick deflection is applied on poorely tuned fixed wings. In other words, stabilization is partialy disabled when pilot is actively controlling the aircraft and active when sticks are not touched. `0` mean stick is in center position, `1` means it is fully deflected to either side

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0.5 | 0 | 1 |

---

### fw_iterm_throw_limit

Limits max/min I-term value in stabilization PID controller in case of Fixed Wing. It solves the problem of servo saturation before take-off/throwing the airplane into the air. By default, error accumulated in I-term can not exceed 1/3 of servo throw (around 165us). Set 0 to disable completely.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 165 | FW_ITERM_THROW_LIMIT_MIN | FW_ITERM_THROW_LIMIT_MAX |

---

### fw_level_pitch_gain

I-gain for the pitch trim for self-leveling flight modes. Higher values means that AUTOTRIM will be faster but might introduce oscillations

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 20 |

---

### fw_level_pitch_trim

Pitch trim for self-leveling flight modes. In degrees. +5 means airplane nose should be raised 5 deg from level

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -10 | 10 |

---

### fw_loiter_direction

Direction of loitering: center point on right wing (clockwise - default), or center point on left wing (counterclockwise). If equal YAW then can be changed in flight using a yaw stick.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| RIGHT |  |  |

---

### fw_min_throttle_down_pitch

Automatic pitch down angle when throttle is at 0 in angle mode. Progressively applied between cruise throttle and zero throttle (decidegrees)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 450 |

---

### fw_p_level

Fixed-wing attitude stabilisation P-gain

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 20 | 0 | 255 |

---

### fw_p_pitch

Fixed-wing rate stabilisation P-gain for PITCH

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 255 |

---

### fw_p_roll

Fixed-wing rate stabilisation P-gain for ROLL

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 255 |

---

### fw_p_yaw

Fixed-wing rate stabilisation P-gain for YAW

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 6 | 0 | 255 |

---

### fw_reference_airspeed

Reference airspeed. Set this to airspeed at which PIDs were tuned. Usually should be set to cruise airspeed. Also used for coordinated turn calculation if airspeed sensor is not present.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1500 | 300 | 6000 |

---

### fw_tpa_time_constant

TPA smoothing and delay time constant to reflect non-instant speed/throttle response of the plane. See **PID Attenuation and scaling** Wiki for full details.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1500 | 0 | 5000 |

---

### fw_turn_assist_pitch_gain

Gain required to keep constant pitch angle during coordinated turns (in TURN_ASSIST mode). Value significantly different from 1.0 indicates a problem with the airspeed calibration (if present) or value of `fw_reference_airspeed` parameter

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 0 | 2 |

---

### fw_turn_assist_yaw_gain

Gain required to keep the yaw rate consistent with the turn rate for a coordinated turn (in TURN_ASSIST mode). Value significantly different from 1.0 indicates a problem with the airspeed calibration (if present) or value of `fw_reference_airspeed` parameter

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 0 | 2 |

---

### fw_yaw_iterm_freeze_bank_angle

Yaw Iterm is frozen when bank angle is above this threshold [degrees]. This solves the problem of the rudder counteracting turns by partially disabling yaw stabilization when making banked turns. Setting to 0 (the default) disables this feature. Only applies when autopilot is not active and TURN ASSIST is disabled.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 90 |

---

### gps_auto_baud

Automatic configuration of GPS baudrate(The specified baudrate in configured in ports will be used) when used with UBLOX GPS

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### gps_auto_config

Enable automatic configuration of UBlox GPS receivers.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### gps_dyn_model

GPS navigation model: Pedestrian, Air_1g, Air_4g. Default is AIR_1G. Use pedestrian with caution, can cause flyaways with fast flying.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AIR_1G |  |  |

---

### gps_min_sats

Minimum number of GPS satellites in view to acquire GPS_FIX and consider GPS position valid. Some GPS receivers appeared to be very inaccurate with low satellite count.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 6 | 5 | 10 |

---

### gps_provider

Which GPS protocol to be used, note that UBLOX is 5Hz and UBLOX7 is 10Hz (M8N).

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| UBLOX |  |  |

---

### gps_sbas_mode

Which SBAS mode to be used

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| NONE |  |  |

---

### gps_ublox_use_galileo

Enable use of Galileo satellites. This is at the expense of other regional constellations, so benefit may also be regional. Requires M8N and Ublox firmware 3.x (or later) [OFF/ON].

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### ground_test_mode

For developer ground test use. Disables motors, sets heading status = Trusted on FW.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### gyro_anti_aliasing_lpf_hz

Gyro processing anti-aliasing filter cutoff frequency. In normal operation this filter setting should never be changed. In Hz

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 250 |  | 1000 |

---

### gyro_anti_aliasing_lpf_type

Specifies the type of the software LPF of the gyro signals.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| PT1 |  |  |

---

### gyro_dyn_lpf_curve_expo

Expo value for the throttle-to-frequency mapping for Dynamic LPF

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 1 | 10 |

---

### gyro_dyn_lpf_max_hz

Maximum frequency of the gyro Dynamic LPF

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 500 | 40 | 1000 |

---

### gyro_dyn_lpf_min_hz

Minimum frequency of the gyro Dynamic LPF

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 | 40 | 400 |

---

### gyro_hardware_lpf

Hardware lowpass filter for gyro. This value should never be changed without a very strong reason! If you have to set gyro lpf below 256HZ, it means the frame is vibrating too much, and that should be fixed first.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 256HZ |  |  |

---

### gyro_main_lpf_hz

Software based gyro main lowpass filter. Value is cutoff frequency (Hz)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 60 | 0 | 500 |

---

### gyro_main_lpf_type

Defines the type of the main gyro LPF filter. Possible values: `PT1`, `BIQUAD`. `PT1` offers faster filter response while `BIQUAD` better attenuation.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| BIQUAD |  |  |

---

### gyro_to_use

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 2 |

---

### gyro_use_dyn_lpf

Use Dynamic LPF instead of static gyro stage1 LPF. Dynamic Gyro LPF updates gyro LPF based on the throttle position.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### gyro_zero_x

Calculated gyro zero calibration of axis X

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### gyro_zero_y

Calculated gyro zero calibration of axis Y

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### gyro_zero_z

Calculated gyro zero calibration of axis Z

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### has_flaps

Defines is UAV is capable of having flaps. If ON and AIRPLANE `platform_type` is used, **FLAPERON** flight mode will be available for the pilot

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### heading_hold_rate_limit

This setting limits yaw rotation rate that HEADING_HOLD controller can request from PID inner loop controller. It is independent from manual yaw rate and used only when HEADING_HOLD flight mode is enabled by pilot, RTH or WAYPOINT modes.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 90 | HEADING_HOLD_RATE_LIMIT_MIN | HEADING_HOLD_RATE_LIMIT_MAX |

---

### hott_alarm_sound_interval

Battery alarm delay in seconds for Hott telemetry

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 120 |

---

### i2c_speed

This setting controls the clock speed of I2C bus. 400KHZ is the default that most setups are able to use. Some noise-free setups may be overclocked to 800KHZ. Some sensor chips or setups with long wires may work unreliably at 400KHZ - user can try lowering the clock speed to 200KHZ or even 100KHZ. User need to bear in mind that lower clock speeds might require higher looptimes (lower looptime rate)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 400KHZ |  |  |

---

### ibus_telemetry_type

Type compatibility ibus telemetry for transmitters. See Telemetry.md label IBUS for details.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 255 |

---

### idle_power

Power draw at zero throttle used for remaining flight time/distance estimation in 0.01W unit

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 65535 |

---

### imu2_align_pitch

Pitch alignment for Secondary IMU. 1/10 of a degree

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -1800 | 3600 |

---

### imu2_align_roll

Roll alignment for Secondary IMU. 1/10 of a degree

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -1800 | 3600 |

---

### imu2_align_yaw

Yaw alignment for Secondary IMU. 1/10 of a degree

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -1800 | 3600 |

---

### imu2_gain_acc_x

Secondary IMU ACC calibration data

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### imu2_gain_acc_y

Secondary IMU ACC calibration data

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### imu2_gain_acc_z

Secondary IMU ACC calibration data

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### imu2_gain_mag_x

Secondary IMU MAG calibration data

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### imu2_gain_mag_y

Secondary IMU MAG calibration data

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### imu2_gain_mag_z

Secondary IMU MAG calibration data

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### imu2_hardware

Selection of a Secondary IMU hardware type. NONE disables this functionality

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| NONE |  |  |

---

### imu2_radius_acc

Secondary IMU MAG calibration data

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### imu2_radius_mag

Secondary IMU MAG calibration data

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### imu2_use_for_osd_ahi

If set to ON, Secondary IMU data will be used for Analog OSD Artificial Horizon

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### imu2_use_for_osd_heading

If set to ON, Secondary IMU data will be used for Analog OSD heading

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### imu2_use_for_stabilized

If set to ON, Secondary IMU data will be used for Angle, Horizon and all other modes that control attitude (PosHold, WP, RTH)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### inav_allow_dead_reckoning

Defines if inav will dead-reckon over short GPS outages. May also be useful for indoors OPFLOW navigation

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### inav_auto_mag_decl

Automatic setting of magnetic declination based on GPS position. When used manual magnetic declination is ignored.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### inav_baro_epv

Uncertainty value for barometric sensor [cm]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 0 | 9999 |

---

### inav_gravity_cal_tolerance

Unarmed gravity calibration tolerance level. Won't finish the calibration until estimated gravity error falls below this value.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 255 |

---

### inav_max_eph_epv

Maximum uncertainty value until estimated position is considered valid and is used for navigation [cm]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1000 | 0 | 9999 |

---

### inav_max_surface_altitude

Max allowed altitude for surface following mode. [cm]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 | 0 | 1000 |

---

### inav_reset_altitude

Defines when relative estimated altitude is reset to zero. Variants - `NEVER` (once reference is acquired it's used regardless); `FIRST_ARM` (keep altitude at zero until firstly armed), `EACH_ARM` (altitude is reset to zero on each arming)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| FIRST_ARM |  |  |

---

### inav_reset_home

Allows to chose when the home position is reset. Can help prevent resetting home position after accidental mid-air disarm. Possible values are: NEVER, FIRST_ARM and EACH_ARM

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| FIRST_ARM |  |  |

---

### inav_use_gps_no_baro

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### inav_use_gps_velned

Defined if iNav should use velocity data provided by GPS module for doing position and speed estimation. If set to OFF iNav will fallback to calculating velocity from GPS coordinates. Using native velocity data may improve performance on some GPS modules. Some GPS modules introduce significant delay and using native velocity may actually result in much worse performance.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### inav_w_acc_bias

Weight for accelerometer drift estimation

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0.01 | 0 | 1 |

---

### inav_w_xy_flow_p

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1.0 | 0 | 100 |

---

### inav_w_xy_flow_v

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2.0 | 0 | 100 |

---

### inav_w_xy_gps_p

Weight of GPS coordinates in estimated UAV position and speed.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1.0 | 0 | 10 |

---

### inav_w_xy_gps_v

Weight of GPS velocity data in estimated UAV speed

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2.0 | 0 | 10 |

---

### inav_w_xy_res_v

Decay coefficient for estimated velocity when GPS reference for position is lost

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0.5 | 0 | 10 |

---

### inav_w_xyz_acc_p

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1.0 | 0 | 1 |

---

### inav_w_z_baro_p

Weight of barometer measurements in estimated altitude and climb rate

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0.35 | 0 | 10 |

---

### inav_w_z_gps_p

Weight of GPS altitude measurements in estimated altitude. Setting is used only of airplanes

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0.2 | 0 | 10 |

---

### inav_w_z_gps_v

Weight of GPS climb rate measurements in estimated climb rate. Setting is used on both airplanes and multirotors. If GPS doesn't support native climb rate reporting (i.e. NMEA GPS) you may consider setting this to zero

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0.1 | 0 | 10 |

---

### inav_w_z_res_v

Decay coefficient for estimated climb rate when baro/GPS reference for altitude is lost

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0.5 | 0 | 10 |

---

### inav_w_z_surface_p

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3.5 | 0 | 100 |

---

### inav_w_z_surface_v

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 6.1 | 0 | 100 |

---

### init_gyro_cal

If defined to 'OFF', it will ignore the gyroscope calibration done at each startup. Instead, the gyroscope last calibration from when you calibrated will be used. It also means you don't have to keep the UAV stationary during a startup.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### ins_gravity_cmss

Calculated 1G of Acc axis Z to use in INS

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0.0 | 0 | 2000 |

---

### iterm_windup

Used to prevent Iterm accumulation on during maneuvers. Iterm will be dampened when motors are reaching it's limit (when requested motor correction range is above percentage specified by this parameter)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50 | 0 | 90 |

---

### ledstrip_visual_beeper

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### limit_attn_filter_cutoff

Throttle attenuation PI control output filter cutoff frequency

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1.2 |  | 100 |

---

### limit_burst_current

Burst current limit (dA): the current which is allowed during `limit_burst_current_time` after which `limit_cont_current` will be enforced, set to 0 to disable

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  | 4000 |

---

### limit_burst_current_falldown_time

Time slice at the end of the burst time during which the current limit will be ramped down from `limit_burst_current` back down to `limit_cont_current`

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  | 3000 |

---

### limit_burst_current_time

Allowed current burst time (ds) during which `limit_burst_current` is allowed and after which `limit_cont_current` will be enforced

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  | 3000 |

---

### limit_burst_power

Burst power limit (dW): the current which is allowed during `limit_burst_power_time` after which `limit_cont_power` will be enforced, set to 0 to disable

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  | 40000 |

---

### limit_burst_power_falldown_time

Time slice at the end of the burst time during which the power limit will be ramped down from `limit_burst_power` back down to `limit_cont_power`

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  | 3000 |

---

### limit_burst_power_time

Allowed power burst time (ds) during which `limit_burst_power` is allowed and after which `limit_cont_power` will be enforced

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  | 3000 |

---

### limit_cont_current

Continous current limit (dA), set to 0 to disable

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  | 4000 |

---

### limit_cont_power

Continous power limit (dW), set to 0 to disable

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  | 40000 |

---

### limit_pi_i

Throttle attenuation PI control I term

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 |  | 10000 |

---

### limit_pi_p

Throttle attenuation PI control P term

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 |  | 10000 |

---

### log_level

Defines serial debugging log level. See `docs/development/serial_printf_debugging.md` for usage.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ERROR |  |  |

---

### log_topics

Defines serial debugging log topic. See `docs/development/serial_printf_debugging.md` for usage.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 4294967295 |

---

### looptime

This is the main loop time (in us). Changing this affects PID effect with some PID controllers (see PID section for details). A very conservative value of 3500us/285Hz should work for everyone. Setting it to zero does not limit loop time, so it will go as fast as possible.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1000 |  | 9000 |

---

### ltm_update_rate

Defines the LTM update rate (use of bandwidth [NORMAL/MEDIUM/SLOW]). See Telemetry.md, LTM section for details.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| NORMAL |  |  |

---

### mag_calibration_time

Adjust how long time the Calibration of mag will last.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 30 | 20 | 120 |

---

### mag_declination

Current location magnetic declination in format. For example, -6deg 37min = -637 for Japan. Leading zero in ddd not required. Get your local magnetic declination here: http://magnetic-declination.com/ . Not in use if inav_auto_mag_decl is turned on and you acquire valid GPS fix.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -18000 | 18000 |

---

### mag_hardware

Selection of mag hardware. See Wiki Sensor auto detect and hardware failure detection for more info

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AUTO |  |  |

---

### mag_to_use

Allow to chose between built-in and external compass sensor if they are connected to separate buses. Currently only for REVO target

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 1 |

---

### maggain_x

Magnetometer calibration X gain. If 1024, no calibration or calibration failed

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1024 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### maggain_y

Magnetometer calibration Y gain. If 1024, no calibration or calibration failed

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1024 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### maggain_z

Magnetometer calibration Z gain. If 1024, no calibration or calibration failed

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1024 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### magzero_x

Magnetometer calibration X offset. If its 0 none offset has been applied and calibration is failed.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### magzero_y

Magnetometer calibration Y offset. If its 0 none offset has been applied and calibration is failed.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### magzero_z

Magnetometer calibration Z offset. If its 0 none offset has been applied and calibration is failed.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### manual_pitch_rate

Servo travel multiplier for the PITCH axis in `MANUAL` flight mode [0-100]%

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 0 | 100 |

---

### manual_rc_expo

Exposition value used for the PITCH/ROLL axes by the `MANUAL` flight mode [0-100]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 35 | 0 | 100 |

---

### manual_rc_yaw_expo

Exposition value used for the YAW axis by the `MANUAL` flight mode [0-100]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 20 | 0 | 100 |

---

### manual_roll_rate

Servo travel multiplier for the ROLL axis in `MANUAL` flight mode [0-100]%

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 0 | 100 |

---

### manual_yaw_rate

Servo travel multiplier for the YAW axis in `MANUAL` flight mode [0-100]%

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 0 | 100 |

---

### mavlink_ext_status_rate

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mavlink_extra1_rate

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mavlink_extra2_rate

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mavlink_extra3_rate

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mavlink_pos_rate

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mavlink_rc_chan_rate

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mavlink_version

Version of MAVLink to use

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2 | 1 | 2 |

---

### max_angle_inclination_pit

Maximum inclination in level (angle) mode (PITCH axis). 100=10°

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 300 | 100 | 900 |

---

### max_angle_inclination_rll

Maximum inclination in level (angle) mode (ROLL axis). 100=10°

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 300 | 100 | 900 |

---

### max_check

These are min/max values (in us) which, when a channel is smaller (min) or larger (max) than the value will activate various RC commands, such as arming, or stick configuration. Normally, every RC channel should be set so that min = 1000us, max = 2000us. On most transmitters this usually means 125% endpoints. Default check values are 100us above/below this value.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1900 | PWM_RANGE_MIN | PWM_RANGE_MAX |

---

### max_throttle

This is the maximum value (in us) sent to esc when armed. Default of 1850 are OK for everyone (legacy). For modern ESCs, higher values (c. 2000) may be more appropriate. If you have brushed motors, the value should be set to 2000.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1850 | PWM_RANGE_MIN | PWM_RANGE_MAX |

---

### mc_cd_lpf_hz

Cutoff frequency for Control Derivative. Lower value smoother reaction on fast stick movements. With higher values, response will be more aggressive, jerky

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 30 | 0 | 200 |

---

### mc_cd_pitch

Multicopter Control Derivative gain for PITCH

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 60 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mc_cd_roll

Multicopter Control Derivative gain for ROLL

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 60 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mc_cd_yaw

Multicopter Control Derivative gain for YAW

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 60 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mc_d_level

Multicopter attitude stabilisation HORIZON transition point

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 75 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mc_d_pitch

Multicopter rate stabilisation D-gain for PITCH

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 23 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mc_d_roll

Multicopter rate stabilisation D-gain for ROLL

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 23 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mc_d_yaw

Multicopter rate stabilisation D-gain for YAW

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mc_i_level

Multicopter attitude stabilisation low-pass filter cutoff

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 15 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mc_i_pitch

Multicopter rate stabilisation I-gain for PITCH

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 30 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mc_i_roll

Multicopter rate stabilisation I-gain for ROLL

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 30 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mc_i_yaw

Multicopter rate stabilisation I-gain for YAW

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 45 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mc_iterm_relax

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| RP |  |  |

---

### mc_iterm_relax_cutoff

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 15 | 1 | 100 |

---

### mc_p_level

Multicopter attitude stabilisation P-gain

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 20 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mc_p_pitch

Multicopter rate stabilisation P-gain for PITCH

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 40 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mc_p_roll

Multicopter rate stabilisation P-gain for ROLL

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 40 | 0 | 255 |

---

### mc_p_yaw

Multicopter rate stabilisation P-gain for YAW

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 85 | 0 | 255 |

---

### min_check

These are min/max values (in us) which, when a channel is smaller (min) or larger (max) than the value will activate various RC commands, such as arming, or stick configuration. Normally, every RC channel should be set so that min = 1000us, max = 2000us. On most transmitters this usually means 125% endpoints. Default check values are 100us above/below this value.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1100 | PWM_RANGE_MIN | PWM_RANGE_MAX |

---

### min_command

This is the PWM value sent to ESCs when they are not armed. If ESCs beep slowly when powered up, try decreasing this value. It can also be used for calibrating all ESCs at once.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1000 | 0 | PWM_RANGE_MAX |

---

### mode_range_logic_operator

Control how Mode selection works in flight modes. If you example have Angle mode configured on two different Aux channels, this controls if you need both activated ( AND ) or if you only need one activated ( OR ) to active angle mode.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OR |  |  |

---

### model_preview_type

ID of mixer preset applied in a Configurator. **Do not modify manually**. Used only for backup/restore reasons.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| -1 | -1 | 32767 |

---

### moron_threshold

When powering up, gyro bias is calculated. If the model is shaking/moving during this initial calibration, offsets are calculated incorrectly, and could lead to poor flying performance. This threshold means how much average gyro reading could differ before re-calibration is triggered.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 32 |  | 128 |

---

### motor_direction_inverted

Use if you need to inverse yaw motor direction.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### motor_poles

The number of motor poles. Required to compute motor RPM

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 14 | 4 | 255 |

---

### motor_pwm_protocol

Protocol that is used to send motor updates to ESCs. Possible values - STANDARD, ONESHOT125, ONESHOT42, MULTISHOT, DSHOT150, DSHOT300, DSHOT600, DSHOT1200, BRUSHED

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ONESHOT125 |  |  |

---

### motor_pwm_rate

Output frequency (in Hz) for motor pins.  Applies only to brushed motors. 

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 16000 | 50 | 32000 |

---

### msp_override_channels

Mask of RX channels that may be overridden by MSP `SET_RAW_RC`. Note that this requires custom firmware with `USE_RX_MSP` and `USE_MSP_RC_OVERRIDE` compile options and the `MSP RC Override` flight mode.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 65535 |

---

### name

Craft name

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| _empty_ |  | MAX_NAME_LENGTH |

---

### nav_auto_climb_rate

Maximum climb/descent rate that UAV is allowed to reach during navigation modes. [cm/s]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 500 | 10 | 2000 |

---

### nav_auto_speed

Speed in fully autonomous modes (RTH, WP) [cm/s]. Used for WP mode when no specific WP speed set. [Multirotor only]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 300 | 10 | 2000 |

---

### nav_disarm_on_landing

If set to ON, iNav disarms the FC after landing

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### nav_emerg_landing_speed

Rate of descent UAV will try to maintain when doing emergency descent sequence [cm/s]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 500 | 100 | 2000 |

---

### nav_extra_arming_safety

If set to ON drone won't arm if no GPS fix and any navigation mode like RTH or POSHOLD is configured. ALLOW_BYPASS allows the user to momentarily disable this check by holding yaw high (left stick held at the bottom right in mode 2) when switch arming is used

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON |  |  |

---

### nav_fw_allow_manual_thr_increase

Enable the possibility to manually increase the throttle in auto throttle controlled modes for fixed wing

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### nav_fw_auto_disarm_delay

Delay before plane disarms when `nav_disarm_on_landing` is set (ms)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2000 | 100 | 10000 |

---

### nav_fw_bank_angle

Max roll angle when rolling / turning in GPS assisted modes, is also restrained by global max_angle_inclination_rll

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 35 | 5 | 80 |

---

### nav_fw_climb_angle

Max pitch angle when climbing in GPS assisted modes, is also restrained by global max_angle_inclination_pit

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 20 | 5 | 80 |

---

### nav_fw_control_smoothness

How smoothly the autopilot controls the airplane to correct the navigation error

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 9 |

---

### nav_fw_cruise_speed

Speed for the plane/wing at cruise throttle used for remaining flight time/distance estimation in cm/s

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 65535 |

---

### nav_fw_cruise_thr

Cruise throttle in GPS assisted modes, this includes RTH. Should be set high enough to avoid stalling. This values gives INAV a base for throttle when flying straight, and it will increase or decrease throttle based on pitch of airplane and the parameters below. In addition it will increase throttle if GPS speed gets below 7m/s ( hardcoded )

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1400 | 1000 | 2000 |

---

### nav_fw_cruise_yaw_rate

Max YAW rate when NAV CRUISE mode is enabled (0=disable control via yaw stick) [dps]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 20 | 0 | 60 |

---

### nav_fw_dive_angle

Max negative pitch angle when diving in GPS assisted modes, is also restrained by global max_angle_inclination_pit

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 15 | 5 | 80 |

---

### nav_fw_heading_p

P gain of Heading Hold controller (Fixedwing)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 60 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_fw_land_dive_angle

Dive angle that airplane will use during final landing phase. During dive phase, motor is stopped or IDLE and roll control is locked to 0 degrees

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2 | -20 | 20 |

---

### nav_fw_launch_abort_deadband

Launch abort stick deadband in [r/c points], applied after r/c deadband and expo. The Roll/Pitch stick needs to be deflected beyond this deadband to abort the launch.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 2 | 250 |

---

### nav_fw_launch_accel

Forward acceleration threshold for bungee launch of throw launch [cm/s/s], 1G = 981 cm/s/s

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1863 | 1000 | 20000 |

---

### nav_fw_launch_climb_angle

Climb angle (attitude of model, not climb slope) for launch sequence (degrees), is also restrained by global max_angle_inclination_pit

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 18 | 5 | 45 |

---

### nav_fw_launch_detect_time

Time for which thresholds have to breached to consider launch happened [ms]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 40 | 10 | 1000 |

---

### nav_fw_launch_end_time

Time for the transition of throttle and pitch angle, between the launch state and the subsequent flight mode [ms]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3000 | 0 | 5000 |

---

### nav_fw_launch_idle_motor_delay

Delay between raising throttle and motor starting at idle throttle (ms)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 60000 |

---

### nav_fw_launch_idle_thr

Launch idle throttle - throttle to be set before launch sequence is initiated. If set below minimum throttle it will force motor stop or at idle throttle (depending if the MOTOR_STOP is enabled). If set above minimum throttle it will force throttle to this value (if MOTOR_STOP is enabled it will be handled according to throttle stick position)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1000 | 1000 | 2000 |

---

### nav_fw_launch_manual_throttle

Allows launch with manually controlled throttle. INAV only levels wings and controls climb pitch during launch. Throttle is controlled directly by throttle stick movement. IF USED WITHOUT A GPS LOCK plane must be launched immediately after throttle is increased to avoid issues with climb out stabilisation and the launch ending sooner than expected (launch end timer starts as soon as the throttle stick is raised).

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### nav_fw_launch_max_altitude

Altitude (centimeters) at which LAUNCH mode will be turned off and regular flight mode will take over [0-60000].

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 60000 |

---

### nav_fw_launch_max_angle

Max tilt angle (pitch/roll combined) to consider launch successful. Set to 180 to disable completely [deg]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 45 | 5 | 180 |

---

### nav_fw_launch_min_time

Allow launch mode to execute at least this time (ms) and ignore stick movements [0-60000].

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 60000 |

---

### nav_fw_launch_motor_delay

Delay between detected launch and launch sequence start and throttling up (ms)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 500 | 0 | 5000 |

---

### nav_fw_launch_spinup_time

Time to bring power from minimum throttle to nav_fw_launch_thr - to avoid big stress on ESC and large torque from propeller

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 0 | 1000 |

---

### nav_fw_launch_thr

Launch throttle - throttle to be set during launch sequence (pwm units)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1700 | 1000 | 2000 |

---

### nav_fw_launch_timeout

Maximum time for launch sequence to be executed. After this time LAUNCH mode will be turned off and regular flight mode will take over (ms)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5000 |  | 60000 |

---

### nav_fw_launch_velocity

Forward velocity threshold for swing-launch detection [cm/s]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 300 | 100 | 10000 |

---

### nav_fw_loiter_radius

PosHold radius. 3000 to 7500 is a good value (30-75m) [cm]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 7500 | 0 | 30000 |

---

### nav_fw_max_thr

Maximum throttle for flying wing in GPS assisted modes

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1700 | 1000 | 2000 |

---

### nav_fw_min_thr

Minimum throttle for flying wing in GPS assisted modes

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1200 | 1000 | 2000 |

---

### nav_fw_pitch2thr

Amount of throttle applied related to pitch attitude in GPS assisted modes. Throttle = nav_fw_cruise_throttle - (nav_fw_pitch2thr * pitch_angle). (notice that pitch_angle is in degrees and is negative when climbing and positive when diving, and throttle value is constrained between nav_fw_min_thr and nav_fw_max_thr)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10 | 0 | 100 |

---

### nav_fw_pitch2thr_smoothing

How smoothly the autopilot makes pitch to throttle correction inside a deadband defined by pitch_to_throttle_thresh.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 6 | 0 | 9 |

---

### nav_fw_pitch2thr_threshold

Threshold from average pitch where momentary pitch_to_throttle correction kicks in. [decidegrees]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50 | 0 | 900 |

---

### nav_fw_pos_hdg_d

D gain of heading trajectory PID controller. (Fixedwing, rovers, boats)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_fw_pos_hdg_i

I gain of heading trajectory PID controller. (Fixedwing, rovers, boats)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_fw_pos_hdg_p

P gain of heading PID controller. (Fixedwing, rovers, boats)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 30 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_fw_pos_hdg_pidsum_limit

Output limit for heading trajectory PID controller. (Fixedwing, rovers, boats)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 350 | PID_SUM_LIMIT_MIN | PID_SUM_LIMIT_MAX |

---

### nav_fw_pos_xy_d

D gain of 2D trajectory PID controller. Too high and there will be overshoot in trajectory. Better start tuning with zero

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 8 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_fw_pos_xy_i

I gain of 2D trajectory PID controller. Too high and there will be overshoot in trajectory. Better start tuning with zero

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_fw_pos_xy_p

P gain of 2D trajectory PID controller. Play with this to get a straight line between waypoints or a straight RTH

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 75 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_fw_pos_z_d

D gain of altitude PID controller (Fixedwing)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_fw_pos_z_i

I gain of altitude PID controller (Fixedwing)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_fw_pos_z_p

P gain of altitude PID controller (Fixedwing)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 40 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_fw_soaring_motor_stop

Stops motor when Soaring mode enabled.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### nav_fw_soaring_pitch_deadband

Pitch Angle deadband when soaring mode enabled (deg). Angle mode inactive within deadband allowing pitch to free float whilst soaring.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 15 |

---

### nav_fw_yaw_deadband

Deadband for heading trajectory PID controller. When heading error is below the deadband, controller assumes that vehicle is on course

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 90 |

---

### nav_land_maxalt_vspd

Vertical descent velocity above nav_land_slowdown_maxalt during the RTH landing phase. [cm/s]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 | 100 | 2000 |

---

### nav_land_minalt_vspd

Vertical descent velocity under nav_land_slowdown_minalt during the RTH landing phase. [cm/s]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50 | 50 | 500 |

---

### nav_land_slowdown_maxalt

Defines at what altitude the descent velocity should start to ramp down from `nav_land_maxalt_vspd` to `nav_land_minalt_vspd` during the RTH landing phase [cm]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2000 | 500 | 4000 |

---

### nav_land_slowdown_minalt

Defines at what altitude the descent velocity should start to be `nav_land_minalt_vspd` [cm]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 500 | 50 | 1000 |

---

### nav_manual_climb_rate

Maximum climb/descent rate firmware is allowed when processing pilot input for ALTHOLD control mode [cm/s]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 200 | 10 | 2000 |

---

### nav_manual_speed

Maximum speed allowed when processing pilot input for POSHOLD/CRUISE control mode [cm/s] [Multirotor only]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 500 | 10 | 2000 |

---

### nav_max_altitude

Max allowed altitude (above Home Point) that applies to all NAV modes (including Altitude Hold). 0 means limit is disabled

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 65000 |

---

### nav_max_auto_speed

Maximum speed allowed in fully autonomous modes (RTH, WP) [cm/s] [Multirotor only]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1000 | 10 | 2000 |

---

### nav_max_terrain_follow_alt

Max allowed above the ground altitude for terrain following mode

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 |  | 1000 |

---

### nav_mc_auto_disarm_delay

Delay before multi-rotor disarms when `nav_disarm_on_landing` is set (ms)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2000 | 100 | 10000 |

---

### nav_mc_bank_angle

Maximum banking angle (deg) that multicopter navigation is allowed to set. Machine must be able to satisfy this angle without loosing altitude

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 30 | 15 | 45 |

---

### nav_mc_braking_bank_angle

max angle that MR is allowed to bank in BOOST mode

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 40 | 15 | 60 |

---

### nav_mc_braking_boost_disengage_speed

BOOST will be disabled when speed goes below this value

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 0 | 1000 |

---

### nav_mc_braking_boost_factor

acceleration factor for BOOST phase

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 0 | 200 |

---

### nav_mc_braking_boost_speed_threshold

BOOST can be enabled when speed is above this value

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 150 | 100 | 1000 |

---

### nav_mc_braking_boost_timeout

how long in ms BOOST phase can happen

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 750 | 0 | 5000 |

---

### nav_mc_braking_disengage_speed

braking is disabled when speed goes below this value

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 75 | 0 | 1000 |

---

### nav_mc_braking_speed_threshold

min speed in cm/s above which braking can happen

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 0 | 1000 |

---

### nav_mc_braking_timeout

timeout in ms for braking

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2000 | 100 | 5000 |

---

### nav_mc_heading_p

P gain of Heading Hold controller (Multirotor)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 60 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_mc_hover_thr

Multicopter hover throttle hint for altitude controller. Should be set to approximate throttle value when drone is hovering.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1500 | 1000 | 2000 |

---

### nav_mc_pos_deceleration_time

Used for stoping distance calculation. Stop position is computed as _speed_ * _nav_mc_pos_deceleration_time_ from the place where sticks are released. Braking mode overrides this setting

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 120 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_mc_pos_expo

Expo for PosHold control

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_mc_pos_xy_p

Controls how fast the drone will fly towards the target position. This is a multiplier to convert displacement to target velocity

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 65 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_mc_pos_z_p

P gain of altitude PID controller (Multirotor)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_mc_vel_xy_d

D gain of Position-Rate (Velocity to Acceleration) PID controller. It can damp P and I. Increasing D might help when drone overshoots target.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_mc_vel_xy_dterm_attenuation

Maximum D-term attenution percentage for horizontal velocity PID controller (Multirotor). It allows to smooth the PosHold CRUISE, WP and RTH when Multirotor is traveling at full speed. Dterm is not attenuated at low speeds, breaking and accelerating.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 90 | 0 | 100 |

---

### nav_mc_vel_xy_dterm_attenuation_end

A point (in percent of both target and current horizontal velocity) where nav_mc_vel_xy_dterm_attenuation reaches maximum

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 60 | 0 | 100 |

---

### nav_mc_vel_xy_dterm_attenuation_start

A point (in percent of both target and current horizontal velocity) where nav_mc_vel_xy_dterm_attenuation begins

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10 | 0 | 100 |

---

### nav_mc_vel_xy_dterm_lpf_hz

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2 | 0 | 100 |

---

### nav_mc_vel_xy_ff

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 40 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_mc_vel_xy_i

I gain of Position-Rate (Velocity to Acceleration) PID controller. Used for drift compensation (caused by wind for example). Higher I means stronger response to drift. Too much I gain might cause target overshot

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 15 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_mc_vel_xy_p

P gain of Position-Rate (Velocity to Acceleration) PID controller. Higher P means stronger response when position error occurs. Too much P might cause "nervous" behavior and oscillations

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 40 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_mc_vel_z_d

D gain of velocity PID controller

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_mc_vel_z_i

I gain of velocity PID controller

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_mc_vel_z_p

P gain of velocity PID controller

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 0 | 255 |

---

### nav_mc_wp_slowdown

When ON, NAV engine will slow down when switching to the next waypoint. This prioritizes turning over forward movement. When OFF, NAV engine will continue to the next waypoint and turn as it goes.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### nav_min_rth_distance

Minimum distance from homepoint when RTH full procedure will be activated [cm]. Below this distance, the mode will activate at the current location and the final phase is executed (loiter / land). Above this distance, the full procedure is activated, which may include initial climb and flying directly to the homepoint before entering the loiter / land phase.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 500 | 0 | 5000 |

---

### nav_mission_planner_reset

With Reset ON WP Mission Planner waypoint count can be reset to 0 by toggling the mode switch ON-OFF-ON.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### nav_overrides_motor_stop

When set to OFF the navigation system will not take over the control of the motor if the throttle is low (motor will stop). When set to OFF_ALWAYS the navigation system will not take over the control of the motor if the throttle was low even when failsafe is triggered. When set to AUTO_ONLY the navigation system will only take over the control of the throttle in autonomous navigation modes (NAV WP and NAV RTH). When set to ALL_NAV (default) the navigation system will take over the control of the motor completely and never allow the motor to stop even when the throttle is low. This setting only has an effect on NAV modes which take control of the throttle when combined with MOTOR_STOP and is likely to cause a stall if fw_min_throttle_down_pitch isn't set correctly or the pitch estimation is wrong for fixed wing models when not set to ALL_NAV

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ALL_NAV |  |  |

---

### nav_position_timeout

If GPS fails wait for this much seconds before switching to emergency landing mode (0 - disable)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 10 |

---

### nav_rth_abort_threshold

RTH sanity checking feature will notice if distance to home is increasing during RTH and once amount of increase exceeds the threshold defined by this parameter, instead of continuing RTH machine will enter emergency landing, self-level and go down safely. Default is 500m which is safe enough for both multirotor machines and airplanes. Set to 0 to disable. [cm]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50000 | 0 | 65000 |

---

### nav_rth_allow_landing

If set to ON drone will land as a last phase of RTH.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ALWAYS |  |  |

---

### nav_rth_alt_control_override

If set to ON RTH altitude and CLIMB FIRST settings can be overridden during the RTH climb phase using full pitch or roll stick held for > 1 second. RTH altitude is reset to the current altitude using pitch down stick. RTH CLIMB FIRST is overridden using right roll stick so craft turns and heads directly to home (CLIMB FIRST override only works for fixed wing)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### nav_rth_alt_mode

Configure how the aircraft will manage altitude on the way home, see Navigation modes on wiki for more details

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AT_LEAST |  |  |

---

### nav_rth_altitude

Used in EXTRA, FIXED and AT_LEAST rth alt modes [cm] (Default 1000 means 10 meters)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1000 |  | 65000 |

---

### nav_rth_climb_first

If set to ON or ON_FW_SPIRAL aircraft will climb to nav_rth_altitude first before turning to head home. If set to OFF aircraft will turn and head home immediately climbing on the way. For a fixed wing ON will use a linear climb, ON_FW_SPIRAL will use a loiter turning climb with climb rate set by nav_auto_climb_rate, turn rate set by nav_fw_loiter_radius (ON_FW_SPIRAL is a fixed wing setting and behaves the same as ON for a multirotor)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON |  |  |

---

### nav_rth_climb_first_stage_altitude

The altitude [cm] at which climb first will transition to turn first. How the altitude is used, is determined by nav_rth_climb_first_stage_mode. Default=0; feature disabled.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  | 65000 |

---

### nav_rth_climb_first_stage_mode

This determines how rth_climb_first_stage_altitude is used. Default is AT_LEAST.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AT_LEAST |  |  |

---

### nav_rth_climb_ignore_emerg

If set to ON, aircraft will execute initial climb regardless of position sensor (GPS) status.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### nav_rth_home_altitude

Aircraft will climb/descend to this altitude after reaching home if landing is not enabled. Set to 0 to stay at `nav_rth_altitude` (default) [cm]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  | 65000 |

---

### nav_rth_tail_first

If set to ON drone will return tail-first. Obviously meaningless for airplanes.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### nav_rth_trackback_distance

Maximum distance allowed for RTH trackback. Normal RTH is executed once this distance is exceeded [m].

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 500 | 50 | 2000 |

---

### nav_rth_trackback_mode

Useage modes for RTH Trackback. OFF = disabled, ON = Normal and Failsafe RTH, FS = Failsafe RTH only.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF |  |  |

---

### nav_use_fw_yaw_control

Enables or Disables the use of the heading PID controller on fixed wing. Heading PID controller is always enabled for rovers and boats

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### nav_use_midthr_for_althold

If set to OFF, the FC remembers your throttle stick position when enabling ALTHOLD and treats it as a neutral midpoint for holding altitude

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### nav_user_control_mode

Defines how Pitch/Roll input from RC receiver affects flight in POSHOLD mode: ATTI - pitch/roll controls attitude like in ANGLE mode; CRUISE - pitch/roll controls velocity in forward and right direction.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ATTI |  |  |

---

### nav_wp_enforce_altitude

Forces craft to achieve the set WP altitude as well as position before moving to next WP. Position is held and altitude adjusted as required before moving on.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### nav_wp_load_on_boot

If set to ON, waypoints will be automatically loaded from EEPROM to the FC during startup.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### nav_wp_mission_restart

Sets restart behaviour for a WP mission when interrupted mid mission. START from first WP, RESUME from last active WP or SWITCH between START and RESUME each time WP Mode is reselected ON. SWITCH effectively allows resuming once only from a previous mid mission waypoint after which the mission will restart from the first waypoint.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| RESUME |  |  |

---

### nav_wp_multi_mission_index

Index of mission selected from multi mission WP entry loaded in flight controller. 1 is the first useable WP mission in the entry. Limited to a maximum of 9 missions. Set index to 0 to display current active WP count in OSD Mission field.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 0 | 9 |

---

### nav_wp_radius

Waypoint radius [cm]. Waypoint would be considered reached if machine is within this radius

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 10 | 10000 |

---

### nav_wp_safe_distance

First waypoint in the mission should be closer than this value [cm]. A value of 0 disables this check.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10000 |  | 65000 |

---

### opflow_hardware

Selection of OPFLOW hardware.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| NONE |  |  |

---

### opflow_scale

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10.5 | 0 | 10000 |

---

### osd_ahi_bordered

Shows a border/corners around the AHI region (pixel OSD only)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### osd_ahi_camera_uptilt_comp

When set to `ON`, the AHI position is adjusted by `osd_camera_uptilt`. For example, with a cammera uptilt of 30 degrees, the AHI will appear in the middle of the OSD when the aircraft is pitched forward 30 degrees. When set to `OFF`, the AHI will appear in the center of the OSD regardless of camera angle, but can still be shifted up and down using `osd_horizon_offset` (`osd_ahi_vertical_offset` for pixel-OSD).

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### osd_ahi_height

AHI height in pixels (pixel OSD only)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 162 |  | 255 |

---

### osd_ahi_max_pitch

Max pitch, in degrees, for OSD artificial horizon

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 20 | 10 | 90 |

---

### osd_ahi_reverse_roll

Switches the artificial horizon in the OSD to instead be a bank indicator, by reversing the direction of its movement.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### osd_ahi_style

Sets OSD Artificial Horizon style "DEFAULT" or "LINE" for the FrSky Graphical OSD.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| DEFAULT |  |  |

---

### osd_ahi_vertical_offset

AHI vertical offset from center (pixel OSD only)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| -18 | -128 | 127 |

---

### osd_ahi_width

AHI width in pixels (pixel OSD only)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 132 |  | 255 |

---

### osd_airspeed_alarm_max

Airspeed above which the airspeed OSD element will start blinking (cm/s)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 27000 |

---

### osd_airspeed_alarm_min

Airspeed under which the airspeed OSD element will start blinking (cm/s)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 27000 |

---

### osd_alt_alarm

Value above which to make the OSD relative altitude indicator blink (meters)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 0 | 10000 |

---

### osd_baro_temp_alarm_max

Temperature above which the baro temperature OSD element will start blinking (decidegrees centigrade)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 600 | -550 | 1250 |

---

### osd_baro_temp_alarm_min

Temperature under which the baro temperature OSD element will start blinking (decidegrees centigrade)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| -200 | -550 | 1250 |

---

### osd_camera_fov_h

Horizontal field of view for the camera in degres

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 135 | 60 | 150 |

---

### osd_camera_fov_v

Vertical field of view for the camera in degres

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 85 | 30 | 120 |

---

### osd_camera_uptilt

Set the camera uptilt for the FPV camera in degres, positive is up, negative is down, relative to the horizontal. Used for correct display of HUD items and AHI (when enabled).

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -40 | 80 |

---

### osd_coordinate_digits

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 9 | 8 | 11 |

---

### osd_crosshairs_style

To set the visual type for the crosshair

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| DEFAULT |  |  |

---

### osd_crsf_lq_format

To select LQ format

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| TYPE1 |  |  |

---

### osd_current_alarm

Value above which the OSD current consumption element will start blinking. Measured in full Amperes.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 255 |

---

### osd_dist_alarm

Value above which to make the OSD distance from home indicator blink (meters)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1000 | 0 | 50000 |

---

### osd_esc_rpm_precision

Number of characters used to display the RPM value.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3 | 3 | 6 |

---

### osd_esc_temp_alarm_max

Temperature above which the IMU temperature OSD element will start blinking (decidegrees centigrade)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 900 | -550 | 1500 |

---

### osd_esc_temp_alarm_min

Temperature under which the IMU temperature OSD element will start blinking (decidegrees centigrade)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| -200 | -550 | 1500 |

---

### osd_estimations_wind_compensation

Use wind estimation for remaining flight time/distance estimation

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### osd_failsafe_switch_layout

If enabled the OSD automatically switches to the first layout during failsafe

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### osd_force_grid

Force OSD to work in grid mode even if the OSD device supports pixel level access (mainly used for development)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### osd_gforce_alarm

Value above which the OSD g force indicator will blink (g)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 20 |

---

### osd_gforce_axis_alarm_max

Value above which the OSD axis g force indicators will blink (g)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | -20 | 20 |

---

### osd_gforce_axis_alarm_min

Value under which the OSD axis g force indicators will blink (g)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| -5 | -20 | 20 |

---

### osd_home_position_arm_screen

Should home position coordinates be displayed on the arming screen.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### osd_horizon_offset

To vertically adjust the whole OSD and AHI and scrolling bars

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -2 | 2 |

---

### osd_hud_homepoint

To 3D-display the home point location in the hud

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### osd_hud_homing

To display little arrows around the crossair showing where the home point is in the hud

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### osd_hud_margin_h

Left and right margins for the hud area

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3 | 0 | 4 |

---

### osd_hud_margin_v

Top and bottom margins for the hud area

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3 | 1 | 3 |

---

### osd_hud_radar_alt_difference_display_time

Time in seconds to display the altitude difference in radar

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3 | 0 | 10 |

---

### osd_hud_radar_disp

Maximum count of nearby aircrafts or points of interest to display in the hud, as sent from an ESP32 LoRa module. Set to 0 to disable (show nothing). The nearby aircrafts will appear as markers A, B, C, etc

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 4 |

---

### osd_hud_radar_distance_display_time

Time in seconds to display the distance in radar

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3 | 1 | 10 |

---

### osd_hud_radar_range_max

In meters, radar aircrafts further away than this will not be displayed in the hud

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 4000 | 100 | 9990 |

---

### osd_hud_radar_range_min

In meters, radar aircrafts closer than this will not be displayed in the hud

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3 | 1 | 30 |

---

### osd_hud_wp_disp

How many navigation waypoints are displayed, set to 0 (zero) to disable. As sample, if set to 2, and you just passed the 3rd waypoint of the mission, you'll see markers for the 4th waypoint (marked 1) and the 5th waypoint (marked 2)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 3 |

---

### osd_imu_temp_alarm_max

Temperature above which the IMU temperature OSD element will start blinking (decidegrees centigrade)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 600 | -550 | 1250 |

---

### osd_imu_temp_alarm_min

Temperature under which the IMU temperature OSD element will start blinking (decidegrees centigrade)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| -200 | -550 | 1250 |

---

### osd_left_sidebar_scroll

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| NONE |  |  |

---

### osd_left_sidebar_scroll_step

How many units each sidebar step represents. 0 means the default value for the scroll type.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  | 255 |

---

### osd_link_quality_alarm

LQ % indicator blinks below this value. For Crossfire use 70%, for Tracer use 50%

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 70 | 0 | 100 |

---

### osd_mah_used_precision

Number of digits used to display mAh used.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 4 | 4 | 6 |

---

### osd_main_voltage_decimals

Number of decimals for the battery voltages displayed in the OSD [1-2].

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 1 | 2 |

---

### osd_neg_alt_alarm

Value below which (negative altitude) to make the OSD relative altitude indicator blink (meters)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 10000 |

---

### osd_pan_servo_index

Index of the pan servo to adjust osd home heading direction based on camera pan. Note that this feature does not work with continiously rotating servos.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 10 |

---

### osd_pan_servo_pwm2centideg

Centidegrees of pan servo rotation us PWM signal. A servo with 180 degrees of rotation from 1000 to 2000 us PWM typically needs `18` for this setting. Change sign to inverse direction.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -36 | 36 |

---

### osd_plus_code_digits

Numer of plus code digits before shortening with `osd_plus_code_short`. Precision at the equator: 10=13.9x13.9m; 11=2.8x3.5m; 12=56x87cm; 13=11x22cm.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 11 | 10 | 13 |

---

### osd_plus_code_short

Number of leading digits removed from plus code. Removing 2, 4 and 6 digits requires a reference location within, respectively, ~800km, ~40 km and ~2km to recover the original coordinates.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  |  |

---

### osd_right_sidebar_scroll

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| NONE |  |  |

---

### osd_right_sidebar_scroll_step

Same as left_sidebar_scroll_step, but for the right sidebar

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  | 255 |

---

### osd_row_shiftdown

Number of rows to shift the OSD display (increase if top rows are cut off)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 1 |

---

### osd_rssi_alarm

Value below which to make the OSD RSSI indicator blink

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 20 | 0 | 100 |

---

### osd_rssi_dbm_alarm

RSSI dBm indicator blinks below this value [dBm]. 0 disables this alarm

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -130 | 0 |

---

### osd_rssi_dbm_max

RSSI dBm upper end of curve. Perfect rssi (max) = 100%

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| -30 | -50 | 0 |

---

### osd_rssi_dbm_min

RSSI dBm lower end of curve or RX sensitivity level. Worst rssi (min) = 0%

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| -120 | -130 | 0 |

---

### osd_sidebar_height

Height of sidebars in rows. 0 leaves only the level indicator arrows (Not for pixel OSD)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3 | 0 | 5 |

---

### osd_sidebar_horizontal_offset

Sidebar horizontal offset from default position. Positive values move the sidebars closer to the edges.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -128 | 127 |

---

### osd_sidebar_scroll_arrows

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### osd_snr_alarm

Value below which Crossfire SNR Alarm pops-up. (dB)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 4 | -20 | 10 |

---

### osd_speed_source

Sets the speed type displayed by the DJI OSD and OSD canvas (FrSky Pixel): GROUND, 3D, AIR

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| GROUND |  |  |

---

### osd_stats_energy_unit

Unit used for the drawn energy in the OSD stats [MAH/WH] (milliAmpere hour/ Watt hour)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| MAH |  |  |

---

### osd_stats_min_voltage_unit

Display minimum voltage of the `BATTERY` or the average per `CELL` in the OSD stats.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| BATTERY |  |  |

---

### osd_stats_page_auto_swap_time

Auto swap display time interval between disarm stats pages (seconds). Reverts to manual control when Roll stick used to change pages. Disabled when set to 0.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3 | 0 | 10 |

---

### osd_switch_indicator_one_channel

RC Channel to use for OSD switch indicator 1.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 5 | MAX_SUPPORTED_RC_CHANNEL_COUNT |

---

### osd_switch_indicator_one_name

Character to use for OSD switch incicator 1.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| GEAR |  | 5 |

---

### osd_switch_indicator_three_channel

RC Channel to use for OSD switch indicator 3.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 5 | MAX_SUPPORTED_RC_CHANNEL_COUNT |

---

### osd_switch_indicator_three_name

Character to use for OSD switch incicator 3.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| LIGT |  | 5 |

---

### osd_switch_indicator_two_channel

RC Channel to use for OSD switch indicator 2.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 5 | MAX_SUPPORTED_RC_CHANNEL_COUNT |

---

### osd_switch_indicator_two_name

Character to use for OSD switch incicator 2.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| CAM |  | 5 |

---

### osd_switch_indicator_zero_channel

RC Channel to use for OSD switch indicator 0.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 5 | MAX_SUPPORTED_RC_CHANNEL_COUNT |

---

### osd_switch_indicator_zero_name

Character to use for OSD switch incicator 0.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| FLAP |  | 5 |

---

### osd_switch_indicators_align_left

Align text to left of switch indicators

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### osd_system_msg_display_time

System message display cycle time for multiple messages (milliseconds).

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1000 | 500 | 5000 |

---

### osd_telemetry

To enable OSD telemetry for antenna tracker. Possible values are `OFF`, `ON` and `TEST`

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF |  |  |

---

### osd_temp_label_align

Allows to chose between left and right alignment for the OSD temperature sensor labels. Valid values are `LEFT` and `RIGHT`

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| LEFT |  |  |

---

### osd_time_alarm

Value above which to make the OSD flight time indicator blink (minutes)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10 | 0 | 600 |

---

### osd_units

IMPERIAL, METRIC, UK

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| METRIC |  |  |

---

### osd_video_system

Video system used. Possible values are `AUTO`, `PAL`, `NTSC`, and `HD`

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AUTO |  |  |

---

### output_mode

Output function assignment mode. AUTO assigns outputs according to the default mapping, SERVOS assigns all outputs to servos, MOTORS assigns all outputs to motors

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AUTO |  |  |

---

### pid_type

Allows to set type of PID controller used in control loop. Possible values: `NONE`, `PID`, `PIFF`, `AUTO`. Change only in case of experimental platforms like VTOL, tailsitters, rovers, boats, etc. Airplanes should always use `PIFF` and multirotors `PID`

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AUTO |  |  |

---

### pidsum_limit

A limitation to overall amount of correction Flight PID can request on each axis (Roll/Pitch). If when doing a hard maneuver on one axis machine looses orientation on other axis - reducing this parameter may help

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 500 | PID_SUM_LIMIT_MIN | PID_SUM_LIMIT_MAX |

---

### pidsum_limit_yaw

A limitation to overall amount of correction Flight PID can request on each axis (Yaw). If when doing a hard maneuver on one axis machine looses orientation on other axis - reducing this parameter may help

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 350 | PID_SUM_LIMIT_MIN | PID_SUM_LIMIT_MAX |

---

### pinio_box1

Mode assignment for PINIO#1

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `BOX_PERMANENT_ID_NONE` | 0 | 255 |

---

### pinio_box2

Mode assignment for PINIO#1

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `BOX_PERMANENT_ID_NONE` | 0 | 255 |

---

### pinio_box3

Mode assignment for PINIO#1

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `BOX_PERMANENT_ID_NONE` | 0 | 255 |

---

### pinio_box4

Mode assignment for PINIO#1

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `BOX_PERMANENT_ID_NONE` | 0 | 255 |

---

### pitch_rate

Defines rotation rate on PITCH axis that UAV will try to archive on max. stick deflection. Rates are defined in tens of degrees (deca-degrees) per second [rate = dps/10]. That means, rate 20 represents 200dps rotation speed. Default 20 (200dps) is more less equivalent of old Cleanflight/Baseflight rate 0. Max. 180 (1800dps) is what gyro can measure.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 20 | 4 | 180 |

---

### pitot_hardware

Selection of pitot hardware.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| NONE |  |  |

---

### pitot_lpf_milli_hz

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 350 | 0 | 10000 |

---

### pitot_scale

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1.0 | 0 | 100 |

---

### platform_type

Defines UAV platform type. Allowed values: "MULTIROTOR", "AIRPLANE", "HELICOPTER", "TRICOPTER", "ROVER", "BOAT". Currently only MULTIROTOR, AIRPLANE and TRICOPTER types are implemented

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| MULTIROTOR |  |  |

---

### pos_hold_deadband

Stick deadband in [r/c points], applied after r/c deadband and expo. Used for adjustments in navigation modes.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10 | 2 | 250 |

---

### prearm_timeout

Duration (ms) for which Prearm being activated is valid. after this, Prearm needs to be reset. 0 means Prearm does not timeout.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10000 | 0 | 10000 |

---

### rangefinder_hardware

Selection of rangefinder hardware.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| NONE |  |  |

---

### rangefinder_median_filter

3-point median filtering for rangefinder readouts

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### rate_accel_limit_roll_pitch

Limits acceleration of ROLL/PITCH rotation speed that can be requested by stick input. In degrees-per-second-squared. Small and powerful UAV flies great with high acceleration limit ( > 5000 dps^2 and even > 10000 dps^2). Big and heavy multirotors will benefit from low acceleration limit (~ 360 dps^2). When set correctly, it greatly improves stopping performance. Value of 0 disables limiting.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  | 500000 |

---

### rate_accel_limit_yaw

Limits acceleration of YAW rotation speed that can be requested by stick input. In degrees-per-second-squared. Small and powerful UAV flies great with high acceleration limit ( > 10000 dps^2). Big and heavy multirotors will benefit from low acceleration limit (~ 180 dps^2). When set correctly, it greatly improves stopping performance and general stability during yaw turns. Value of 0 disables limiting.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10000 |  | 500000 |

---

### rate_dynamics_center_correction

The center stick correction for Rate Dynamics

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10 | 10 | 95 |

---

### rate_dynamics_center_sensitivity

The center stick sensitivity for Rate Dynamics

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 25 | 175 |

---

### rate_dynamics_center_weight

The center stick weight for Rate Dynamics

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 95 |

---

### rate_dynamics_end_correction

The end  stick correction for Rate Dynamics

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10 | 10 | 95 |

---

### rate_dynamics_end_sensitivity

The end stick sensitivity for Rate Dynamics

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 25 | 175 |

---

### rate_dynamics_end_weight

The end  stick weight for Rate Dynamics

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 95 |

---

### rc_expo

Exposition value used for the PITCH/ROLL axes by all the stabilized flights modes (all but `MANUAL`)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 70 | 0 | 100 |

---

### rc_filter_auto

When enabled, INAV will set RC filtering based on refresh rate and smoothing factor.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### rc_filter_lpf_hz

RC data biquad filter cutoff frequency. Lower cutoff frequencies result in smoother response at expense of command control delay. Practical values are 20-50. Set to zero to disable entirely and use unsmoothed RC stick values

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50 | 15 | 250 |

---

### rc_filter_smoothing_factor

The RC filter smoothing factor. The higher the value, the more smoothing but also the more delay in response. Value 1 sets the filter at half the refresh rate. Value 100 sets the filter to aprox. 10% of the RC refresh rate

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 30 | 1 | 100 |

---

### rc_yaw_expo

Exposition value used for the YAW axis by all the stabilized flights modes (all but `MANUAL`)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 20 | 0 | 100 |

---

### reboot_character

Special character used to trigger reboot

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 82 | 48 | 126 |

---

### receiver_type

Selection of receiver (RX) type. Additional configuration of a `serialrx_provider` and a UART will be needed for `SERIAL`

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| _target default_ |  |  |

---

### report_cell_voltage

S.Port, D-Series, and IBUS telemetry: Send the average cell voltage if set to ON

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### roll_rate

Defines rotation rate on ROLL axis that UAV will try to archive on max. stick deflection. Rates are defined in tens of degrees (deca-degrees) per second [rate = dps/10]. That means, rate 20 represents 200dps rotation speed. Default 20 (200dps) is more less equivalent of old Cleanflight/Baseflight rate 0. Max. 180 (1800dps) is what gyro can measure.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 20 | 4 | 180 |

---

### rpm_gyro_filter_enabled

Enables gyro RPM filtere. Set to `ON` only when ESC telemetry is working and rotation speed of the motors is correctly reported to INAV

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### rpm_gyro_harmonics

Number of harmonic frequences to be covered by gyro RPM filter. Default value of `1` usually works just fine

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 1 | 3 |

---

### rpm_gyro_min_hz

The lowest frequency for gyro RPM filtere. Default `150` is fine for 5" mini-quads. On 7-inch drones you can lower even down to `60`-`70`

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 30 | 200 |

---

### rpm_gyro_q

Q factor for gyro RPM filter. Lower values give softer, wider attenuation. Usually there is no need to change this setting

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 500 | 1 | 3000 |

---

### rssi_adc_channel

ADC channel to use for analog RSSI input. Defaults to board RSSI input (if available). 0 = disabled

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| _target default_ | ADC_CHN_NONE | ADC_CHN_MAX |

---

### rssi_channel

RX channel containing the RSSI signal

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | MAX_SUPPORTED_RC_CHANNEL_COUNT |

---

### rssi_max

The maximum RSSI value sent by the receiver, in %. For example, if your receiver's maximum RSSI value shows as 83% in the configurator/OSD set this parameter to 83. See also rssi_min.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | RSSI_VISIBLE_VALUE_MIN | RSSI_VISIBLE_VALUE_MAX |

---

### rssi_min

The minimum RSSI value sent by the receiver, in %. For example, if your receiver's minimum RSSI value shows as 42% in the configurator/OSD set this parameter to 42. See also rssi_max. Note that rssi_min can be set to a value bigger than rssi_max to invert the RSSI calculation (i.e. bigger values mean lower RSSI).

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | RSSI_VISIBLE_VALUE_MIN | RSSI_VISIBLE_VALUE_MAX |

---

### rssi_source

Source of RSSI input. Possible values: `NONE`, `AUTO`, `ADC`, `CHANNEL`, `PROTOCOL`, `MSP`

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AUTO |  |  |

---

### rth_energy_margin

Energy margin wanted after getting home (percent of battery energy capacity). Use for the remaining flight time/distance calculation

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 100 |

---

### rx_max_usec

Defines the longest pulse width value used when ensuring the channel value is valid. If the receiver gives a pulse value higher than this value then the channel will be marked as bad and will default to the value of mid_rc.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2115 | PWM_PULSE_MIN | PWM_PULSE_MAX |

---

### rx_min_usec

Defines the shortest pulse width value used when ensuring the channel value is valid. If the receiver gives a pulse value lower than this value then the channel will be marked as bad and will default to the value of mid_rc.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 885 | PWM_PULSE_MIN | PWM_PULSE_MAX |

---

### safehome_max_distance

In order for a safehome to be used, it must be less than this distance (in cm) from the arming point.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 20000 | 0 | 65000 |

---

### safehome_usage_mode

Used to control when safehomes will be used. Possible values are `OFF`, `RTH` and `RTH_FS`.  See [Safehome documentation](Safehomes.md#Safehome) for more information.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| RTH |  |  |

---

### sbus_sync_interval

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3000 | 500 | 10000 |

---

### sdcard_detect_inverted

This setting drives the way SD card is detected in card slot. On some targets (AnyFC F7 clone) different card slot was used and depending of hardware revision ON or OFF setting might be required. If card is not detected, change this value.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| _target default_ |  |  |

---

### serialrx_halfduplex

Allow serial receiver to operate on UART TX pin. With some receivers will allow control and telemetry over a single wire.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AUTO |  |  |

---

### serialrx_inverted

Reverse the serial inversion of the serial RX protocol. When this value is OFF, each protocol will use its default signal (e.g. SBUS will use an inverted signal). Some OpenLRS receivers produce a non-inverted SBUS signal. This setting supports this type of receivers (including modified FrSKY).

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### serialrx_provider

When feature SERIALRX is enabled, this allows connection to several receivers which output data via digital interface resembling serial. See RX section.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| _target default_ |  |  |

---

### servo_autotrim_rotation_limit

Servo midpoints are only updated when total aircraft rotation is less than this threshold [deg/s]. Only applies when using `feature FW_AUTOTRIM`.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 15 | 1 | 60 |

---

### servo_center_pulse

Servo midpoint

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1500 | PWM_RANGE_MIN | PWM_RANGE_MAX |

---

### servo_lpf_hz

Selects the servo PWM output cutoff frequency. Value is in [Hz]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 20 | 0 | 400 |

---

### servo_protocol

An option to chose the protocol/option that would be used to output servo data. Possible options `PWM` (FC servo outputs), `SBUS` (S.Bus protocol output via a configured serial port)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| PWM |  |  |

---

### servo_pwm_rate

Output frequency (in Hz) servo pins. When using tricopters or gimbal with digital servo, this rate can be increased. Max of 498Hz (for 500Hz pwm period), and min of 50Hz. Most digital servos will support for example 330Hz.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50 | 50 | 498 |

---

### setpoint_kalman_enabled

Enable Kalman filter on the gyro data

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### setpoint_kalman_q

Quality factor of the setpoint Kalman filter. Higher values means less filtering and lower phase delay. On 3-7 inch multirotors can be usually increased to 200-300 or even higher of clean builds

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 100 | 1 | 1000 |

---

### sim_ground_station_number

Number of phone that is used to communicate with SIM module. Messages / calls from other numbers are ignored. If undefined, can be set by calling or sending a message to the module.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| _empty_ |  |  |

---

### sim_low_altitude

Threshold for low altitude warning messages sent by SIM module when the 'L' transmit flag is set in `sim_transmit_flags`.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| -32767 | -32768 | 32767 |

---

### sim_pin

PIN code for the SIM module

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0000 |  |  |

---

### sim_transmit_flags

Bitmask specifying text message transmit condition flags for the SIM module. 1: continuous transmission, 2: continuous transmission in failsafe mode, 4: continuous transmission when GPS signal quality is low, 8: acceleration events, 16: continuous transmission when altitude is below `sim_low_altitude`

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `SIM_TX_FLAG_FAILSAFE` |  | 63 |

---

### sim_transmit_interval

Text message transmission interval in seconds for SIM module. Minimum value: 10

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 60 | SIM_MIN_TRANSMIT_INTERVAL | 65535 |

---

### small_angle

If the aircraft tilt angle exceed this value the copter will refuse to arm.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 25 | 0 | 180 |

---

### smartport_fuel_unit

S.Port telemetry only: Unit of the value sent with the `FUEL` ID (FrSky D-Series always sends percent). [PERCENT/MAH/MWH]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| MAH |  |  |

---

### smartport_master_halfduplex

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### smartport_master_inverted

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### smith_predictor_delay

Expected delay of the gyro signal. In milliseconds

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 8 |

---

### smith_predictor_lpf_hz

Cutoff frequency for the Smith Predictor Low Pass Filter

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50 | 1 | 500 |

---

### smith_predictor_strength

The strength factor of a Smith Predictor of PID measurement. In percents

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0.5 | 0 | 1 |

---

### spektrum_sat_bind

0 = disabled. Used to bind the spektrum satellite to RX

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `SPEKTRUM_SAT_BIND_DISABLED` | SPEKTRUM_SAT_BIND_DISABLED | SPEKTRUM_SAT_BIND_MAX |

---

### srxl2_baud_fast

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### srxl2_unit_id

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 0 | 15 |

---

### stats

General switch of the statistics recording feature (a.k.a. odometer)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### stats_total_dist

Total flight distance [in meters]. The value is updated on every disarm when "stats" are enabled.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  | 2147483647 |

---

### stats_total_energy

Total energy consumption [in mWh]. The value is updated on every disarm when "stats" are enabled.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  | 2147483647 |

---

### stats_total_time

Total flight time [in seconds]. The value is updated on every disarm when "stats" are enabled.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 |  | 2147483647 |

---

### switch_disarm_delay

Delay before disarming when requested by switch (ms) [0-1000]

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 250 | 0 | 1000 |

---

### telemetry_halfduplex

S.Port telemetry only: Turn UART into UNIDIR for usage on F1 and F4 target. See Telemetry.md for details

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### telemetry_inverted

Determines if the telemetry protocol default signal inversion is reversed. This should be OFF in most cases unless a custom or hacked RX is used.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### telemetry_switch

Which aux channel to use to change serial output & baud rate (MSP / Telemetry). It disables automatic switching to Telemetry when armed.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### thr_comp_weight

Weight used for the throttle compensation based on battery voltage. See the [battery documentation](Battery.md#automatic-throttle-compensation-based-on-battery-voltage)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 0 | 2 |

---

### thr_expo

Throttle exposition value

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 100 |

---

### thr_mid

Throttle value when the stick is set to mid-position. Used in the throttle curve calculation.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 50 | 0 | 100 |

---

### throttle_idle

The percentage of the throttle range (`max_throttle` - `min_command`) above `min_command` used for minimum / idle throttle.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 15 | 0 | 30 |

---

### throttle_scale

Throttle scaling factor. `1` means no throttle scaling. `0.5` means throttle scaled down by 50%

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1.0 | 0 | 1 |

---

### throttle_tilt_comp_str

Can be used in ANGLE and HORIZON mode and will automatically boost throttle when banking. Setting is in percentage, 0=disabled.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 100 |

---

### tpa_breakpoint

See tpa_rate.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1500 | PWM_RANGE_MIN | PWM_RANGE_MAX |

---

### tpa_rate

Throttle PID attenuation reduces influence of P on ROLL and PITCH as throttle increases. For every 1% throttle after the TPA breakpoint, P is reduced by the TPA rate.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 100 |

---

### tri_unarmed_servo

On tricopter mix only, if this is set to ON, servo will always be correcting regardless of armed state. to disable this, set it to OFF.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### turtle_mode_power_factor

Turtle mode power factor

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 55 | 0 | 100 |

---

### tz_automatic_dst

Automatically add Daylight Saving Time to the GPS time when needed or simply ignore it. Includes presets for EU and the USA - if you live outside these areas it is suggested to manage DST manually via `tz_offset`.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF |  |  |

---

### tz_offset

Time zone offset from UTC, in minutes. This is applied to the GPS time for logging and time-stamping of Blackbox logs

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | -1440 | 1440 |

---

### vbat_adc_channel

ADC channel to use for battery voltage sensor. Defaults to board VBAT input (if available). 0 = disabled

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| _target default_ | ADC_CHN_NONE | ADC_CHN_MAX |

---

### vbat_cell_detect_voltage

Maximum voltage per cell, used for auto-detecting the number of cells of the battery in 0.01V units.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 425 | 100 | 500 |

---

### vbat_max_cell_voltage

Maximum voltage per cell in 0.01V units, default is 4.20V

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 420 | 100 | 500 |

---

### vbat_meter_type

Vbat voltage source. Possible values: `NONE`, `ADC`, `ESC`. `ESC` required ESC telemetry enebled and running

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ADC |  |  |

---

### vbat_min_cell_voltage

Minimum voltage per cell, this triggers battery out alarms, in 0.01V units, default is 330 (3.3V)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 330 | 100 | 500 |

---

### vbat_scale

Battery voltage calibration value. 1100 = 11:1 voltage divider (10k:1k) x 100. Adjust this slightly if reported pack voltage is different from multimeter reading. You can get current voltage by typing "status" in cli.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| _target default_ | 0 | 65535 |

---

### vbat_warning_cell_voltage

Warning voltage per cell, this triggers battery-warning alarms, in 0.01V units, default is 350 (3.5V)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 350 | 100 | 500 |

---

### vtx_band

Configure the VTX band. Set to zero to use `vtx_freq`. Bands: 1: A, 2: B, 3: E, 4: F, 5: Race.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | VTX_SETTINGS_NO_BAND | VTX_SETTINGS_MAX_BAND |

---

### vtx_channel

Channel to use within the configured `vtx_band`. Valid values are [1, 8].

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | VTX_SETTINGS_MIN_CHANNEL | VTX_SETTINGS_MAX_CHANNEL |

---

### vtx_frequency_group

VTx Frequency group to use. Frequency groups: FREQUENCYGROUP_5G8: 5.8GHz, FREQUENCYGROUP_2G4: 2.4GHz, FREQUENCYGROUP_1G3: 1.3GHz.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| FREQUENCYGROUP_5G8 | 0 | 2 |

---

### vtx_halfduplex

Use half duplex UART to communicate with the VTX, using only a TX pin in the FC.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### vtx_low_power_disarm

When the craft is disarmed, set the VTX to its lowest power. `ON` will set the power to its minimum value on startup, increase it to `vtx_power` when arming and change it back to its lowest setting after disarming. `UNTIL_FIRST_ARM` will start with minimum power, but once the craft is armed it will increase to `vtx_power` and it will never decrease until the craft is power cycled.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF |  |  |

---

### vtx_max_power_override

Some VTXes may report max power incorrectly (i.e. 200mW for a 600mW VTX). Use this to override max supported power. 0 to disable and use whatever VTX reports as its capabilities

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 10000 |

---

### vtx_pit_mode_chan

_// TODO_

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | VTX_SETTINGS_MIN_CHANNEL | VTX_SETTINGS_MAX_CHANNEL |

---

### vtx_power

VTX RF power level to use. The exact number of mw depends on the VTX hardware.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | VTX_SETTINGS_MIN_POWER | VTX_SETTINGS_MAX_POWER |

---

### vtx_smartaudio_alternate_softserial_method

Enable the alternate softserial method. This is the method used in iNav 3.0 and ealier.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### vtx_smartaudio_early_akk_workaround

Enable workaround for early AKK SAudio-enabled VTX bug.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ON | OFF | ON |

---

### vtx_smartaudio_stopbits

Set stopbit count for serial (TBS Sixty9 SmartAudio 2.1 require value of 1 bit)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2 | 1 | 2 |

---

### vtx_softserial_shortstop

Enable the 3x shorter stopbit on softserial. Need for some IRC Tramp VTXes.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| OFF | OFF | ON |

---

### yaw_deadband

These are values (in us) by how much RC input can be different before it's considered valid. For transmitters with jitter on outputs, this value can be increased. Defaults are zero, but can be increased up to 10 or so if rc inputs twitch while idle.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 0 | 100 |

---

### yaw_lpf_hz

Yaw P term low pass filter cutoff frequency. Should be disabled (set to `0`) on small multirotors (7 inches and below)

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 0 | 200 |

---

### yaw_rate

Defines rotation rate on YAW axis that UAV will try to archive on max. stick deflection. Rates are defined in tens of degrees (deca-degrees) per second [rate = dps/10]. That means, rate 20 represents 200dps rotation speed. Default 20 (200dps) is more less equivalent of old Cleanflight/Baseflight rate 0. Max. 180 (1800dps) is what gyro can measure.

| Default | Min | Max |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 20 | 1 | 180 |

---

